"NFM is the most straight forward, easiest shopping I've ever done for furniture, and the prices cannot be beat! So much stuff is available right then, it's a dream for us instant gratification types."
"Very easy online ordering new washing machine. Best price for the exact make and model I wanted. Free delivery and hook up of new machine is an added plus. I am a long time NFM customer and confident in their customer service and always able to address any issues."
"Ordering through NFM is always easy and we've always received good quality products! We love them and love utilizing their credit card!"
"The option to shop and order online and then pick my pick-up or delivery date.  The whole process was very easy and efficient. Berkshire prices were clearly marked and I appreciated the shareholder discount during this time period. "
"I love Nebraska furniture mart.They are amazing period I normally purchase things to be delivered to my house and if people that show up put the stuff together very quickly. They're also very friendly and the website is easy to use. Also the quality of the merchandise at nebraska furniture mart is the best in my opinion."
"Really like and trust the products from this store.  I tried to call in to make my order, but the sales person wasn't able to offer me free shipping. I was able to get free shipping online, so unfortunately Kim at 25009 didn't get credit for this sale.  Honestly, I called because I figured that a sales person may be able to offer me free in home delivery (20 extra feet and 1 doorway) vs not being able to offer even free driveway delivery."
"I’ve always loved the furniture here but I notice it gets stinkier every year. There’s a toxic fragrance coming off of it that has filled my whole darn house and I can barely talk because my throat is so sore from it. It’s disappointing to get new furniture that fills the house and our bodies with formaldehyde and other toxic chemicals. I used to love the store (I can’t go in anymore due to the toxic smell) and the people are always kind. I hope you can find a better way to preserve the furniture without harming peoples health and stinking up their homes for days. Thank you."
"ordering online is very easy and having the Berkshire pricing enabled on my account made it even easier this year. I love being able to shop local as I work for a local bookstore myself. "
"Large selection and price options.  Pictures and descriptions were detailed.  Product was available for delivery tomorrow which was great!"
"24 month no interest financing really helps. Also, product cost is awesome. I would like more color options in leather recliner sofas  (grey please)"
"Excellent Experience in online purchse; Convenient, easy to coordinate everything I needed to purchase, customer service easy to contact and quick to answer and respond through online chat when I had a question about purchase. Very pleased with overall process and efficiency. "
"NFM is always providing quality products at great prices!! It's so easy to find and order on the website and their payment terms make it easier on the pocketbook!! "
"Ease of transaction, I picked NFM for the mere fact the product is in stock and can be delivered free of charge, all great values and your pricing is comparable to other sites."
"Found what I was looking for easy to order online with suggestions on parts to hook up washer / dryer parts. Looking forward to my new washer and dryer. "
"I loved being able to see Berkshire pricing online during the event this year - sooooo much easier to shop knowing the price vs. having to call in."
"because this company is the best at everything!!!Thanks to Mrs. B for keeping this company on the straight and narrow!!!!"
"Good selection but when trying to checkout, the system was telling me my expiration date on my card was wrong, I had to resubmit like 5 times, then it finally accepted it. What a pain 😞 hopefully delivery will be easier and the chairs I ordered will be worth it"
"I need a dishwasher like yesterday so thanks for having one in stock NFM"
"The Chat help was too difficult and when finally reached they were not aware of the switch to paperless statements and get 10% off next NFM purchase."
"easy to order on line. we have purchased a lot of items from nfm over the years and we were always satisfied with everthing."
"I made several attempts to use my NFM issued credit card and it did not work the card is valid. I used another credit card no issue. Huge NFM credit card issue."
"Very easy except for the system saying my address does not exist. Over all a good process."
"Easy online shopping, no-interest credit card, all around good experience each time."
"Easy checkout and great prices. You can always find something at NFM. My new go to place for shopping. "
"This was fast and convenient. The items I wanted were available for delivery same day which closed the deal for me. "
"easy to check out and the same day delivery option is AMAZING!"
"Easy to understand instructions on ordering onlie. I was happy I caught the fridge on sale, too! Mine is over 10 years old and dying!"
"Easy to look at what we were wanting, check the reviews, and check out including selecting warranties."
"Simple and easy process to order furniture"
"Excited to see what the mattress is like, but wish we would’ve gotten the free pillow deal!"
"Had it in stock, fast delivery options, easy to purchase"
"So easy to online shop, compare and purchase!"
"Love how easy it is to navigate the website."
"Great customer service and it's so easy to use website and place an order!  "
"Berkshire Hathaway goods and services, a great NFM experience for sure!"
"Easy UI to navigate and purchase process was simple!  "
"I wanted an extra chair from a past purchase.  It was easy to find this online and purchase same with my Nebraska card."
"Easy to order and checkout was extremely easy!"
"$100 store credit for damaged appliance. Had to pay over 30 bucks for shipping and handeling. What a crock! Probably will not shop with your store ever again!"
"I would prefer to hold on my opinion until the furniture arrives and transaction is complete. Respectfully"
"always find what I am looking for and at a great deal"
"very easy, intuitive, and helpful.  good products too"
"NFM always has the best products!  The only place I shop for big items for home and office."
"Fast simple, and efficient."
"Site is easy to navigate and the proct selection is awesome "
"Everything that we tend to purchase from Nebraska Furniture mart is no longer available in the store.  We have to order it and then set up a time to get it delivered, or pick it up from the store, or in the case of smaller items delivered to our home.  Gone are the days that we could go to the store and purchase said item and leave the store with that item.  At this point since the items we are interested in are not in store, we have no motivation to go to the store location at all, thus causing the company to lose out on impulse purchases.  The online checkout process needs to be streamlined, and products need to be carried in the store.  NFM used to be a store we would travel to once a month and purchase something.  Now, it's a once or twice a year.  And maybe a few times more online.  "
"It made a reasonable price on customer appreciation for a office chair.  Based on review, the office chair appears to be sturdy and ergonically built with good cushion."
"Easy to find the matching item to the set we bought from you last year!"
"Easy to order and easy to check out.  Lots of options and selections. "
"Great financing options and a ton of crazy sales. "
"As always, NFM has what we are in need of....."
"Easy to view products and purchase.  We love the 2 years interest free.  "
"Delivery crew was great!"
"Good pricing and easy to use online setup."
"Easy to navigate site; items in stock, quick checkout"
"Easy ordering - great visual website - love NFM. "
"So quick and easy to check out and submit order online."
"The BH pricing and very nice customer care contacts"
"selection of products and free delivery/set up"
"The order process overall was easy, but then when it came time to figure out using military discount they said I would need to do it over the phone and I got passed around to so many different people and then told I would just need to come into the store which currently I cannot do that because I'm at home on bed rest. There are plenty of companies out there that are third-party companies that verify military IDs and that whatever companies using them you can then apply to any purchases and I think it would be very helpful if this was something that Nebraska Furniture Mart had."
"Ease of online purchase w my account."
"Great selection and massage chairs."
"very user friendly website and was easy to place order"
"Easy process and great selection to choose from."
"Easy to navigate - fair price - and easy pickup"
"Extremely wide selections and website that is easy to navigate with very descriptive details.  "
"Easy check out, lots of options "
"It was an easy to use online shopping experience. "
"Love you guys for always making it so easy."
"Ordered cooktop easy "
"your website is too slow and the editing process was dificult"
"This was great but I was wanting no interest financing as well."
"I love to shop NFM online.  You had what I needed, and it helps that I can just drive up to get it."
"Mobile app closed me out 3 times before I could complete my work"
"Easy to view and search website to order from."
"I absolutely LOVE this place!!! Excellent Customer Service!"
"Easy check-out, easy pick-up"
"Great selection and price"
"Found just what I needed and was easy to purchase and pick up."
"Quick and easy checkout. Free shipping."
"shopping. check out"
"Easy to work with, smooth process! "
"Easy, fast, and convenient!!"
"It was easy to shop online for the items that I need."
"Easy and smooth transaction"
"David at the NFM store in Omaha Ne was GREAT!!"
"Website is really easy to use "
"Love every purchase made to date with NFM!"
"Great service"
"Great on-line service always. "
"Pleasant experience and hassle-free shopping. Thanks "
"Awesome totally easy"
"Quick and easy checkout "
"Good all the time Nfm is love this place."
"Everything was easy and painless "
"Simple online purchase"
"Ease of checkout. "
"Easy and simple experience"
"Good overall service"
"I am writing to express my profound disappointment and dissatisfaction with the flooring work conducted by Nebraska Furniture. The experience my family and I have endured has been nothing short of frustrating and disheartening.Below is a detailed timeline of the events surrounding the flooring challenges we have faced:•	July 12th: Flooring selection made, and the order promptly placed.•	August 17th: Initial delivery scheduled (Order #78292892).•	August 17th: Delivery received, and vinyl left to acclimate until August 21st.•	August 21st: Project commenced; my family had to temporarily relocate due to construction.•	August 23rd: Project put on hold due to a bad batch of materials.•	August 25th: Informed of the issue and asked to select a new product.•	August 28th: New material delivery scheduled.•	August 28th: Second batch found to be defective.•	September 8th: New color selected with assurances of expedited service.•	September (ongoing): Numerous calls for updates, with a projected 10/17 delivery date.The frustration and inconvenience we have experienced throughout this process cannot be overstated. Our home has been in disarray for months, and the continual delays have taken a significant toll on us both mentally and emotionally.As a loyal customer of Nebraska Furniture since its establishment in Texas in 2015, and a card member for a similar duration, I have always valued the convenience and quality of your products. Over the years, I have purchased furniture for various rooms in my home without encountering any issues, except for the challenges faced during the COVID shutdown, which were understandable given global supply chain disruptions. I have even recommended your store to family and friends.Regrettably, despite providing this detailed account to the management team, I have not received a response. This lack of communication and resolution is deeply disappointing. At this point, I am left with no choice but NOT to do any further business with Nebraska Furniture. Furthermore, I intend to share my experience with everyone I know, as transparency regarding customer service is essential.I kindly request an immediate intervention from an executive or management member to expedite the resolution of this matter and find a flooring solution that aligns with the standards I have come to expect from Nebraska Furniture. Enclosed are pictures that illustrate the challenges my family has faced during this ordeal."
"super simple"
"oRDERING ONLINE FOR ITEMS NOT AVAIALBLE FOR PICK-UP WAS EXTREMELY DIFFICULT"
"Very easy to work with! "
"very easy to order web site"
"It was quick and easy!"
"Ease of shopping online and competitive pricing."
"Easy purchase, beautiful merchandise. "
"Quick and easy to order"
"Love NFM.  My fav store hands down. "
"Awesome place outstanding service "
"Easy to use website"
"Easy to use. Easy checkout. "
"found on your webw"
"Easy. Quick. I get it today. Thank you!"
"Great WEB SITE"
"Easy friendly shopping experience. "
"Very Easy and great prices!"
"great customer service "
"Website moves very slow.  Locks up at times.   "
"good and easy"
"Awesomeness Complete!"
"Happy! Great sale items!"
"Easy. Very easy."
"Great products, great prices."
"Excellent customer service!!! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️"
"difficult to place order-"
"Great great"
"Good response by phone "
"Quick and easy "
"Very simple. "
"all good!! Thank you"
"Great customer service "
"Easy buy and easy pickup"
"Easy peasy. "
"Great experience "
"Easy transaction! "
"great buy.!"
"Just convenient "
"It was fine. "
"Easy enough "
"extremely easy app process for credit app. website took me right where i asked for in my search, check out process to use new nfm card super easy,reasonable prices and same day delivery fantastic! god is so good"
"Easy to NavigateThe website is very user friendly. That alone can make or break an online purchase for me."
"Love this store and the delivery options "
"Online purchase "
"generous terms, easy to understand"
"I am always  able  to easily  find what I am  looking for to  make a  quick purchase. Every time I order, my items are always in stock, and I receive them quickly. "
"The prices were great and the order was easy."
"Have always bought everything for my house from here"
"love nfm - they are always easy to shop and have a great platform"
"Navigating the web site and completing my purchase was a breeze!"
"Love NFM for great product selections and customer service!"
"Excellent chat, quick service"
"I requested a new password, it wouldn't send me the link to create one."
"Could not get an account set up even when I hit change password - never go an email to proceed.Website was as slow as I have experienced in a long time"
"Typical great service and value.I've been a satisfied customer for over 40 years! Thanks Bob Batt and family!"
"This is so easy and I can just go pick up my stuff. Fantastic service all the time."
"Everything was perfect. No issues"
"great online shopping"
"easy and fast to complete!"
"The entire process was easy and completed quickly."
"NFM Had a great deal on this basket chair!"
"Very descriptive with measurements and options, not to mention a great price"
"it is always  a wonderful experience because, of the great selection. the check out process is so easy, i love this store would not go any other place,"
"Always a good experience at NFM. We bought our first furniture at the Downtown Omaha Store directly from Mrs. B as newlyweds."
"This was a seamless online ordering experience"
"Easy to order on website, also easy options for delivery"
"Always able to find what I want at a good price."
"Really, really simple!"
"Easy, and quick delivery"
"Ease of use,  affordability,  and great terms."
"I had to order my first washer and dryer set and had a few questions when looking online. I called the sales department and was immediately given the answers to my questions. After that peace of mind it was extremely easy to place my order, schedule my delivery and finance my purchase. "
"So easy to shop, find what you want, and pay."
"I like the selection of your products and the free shipping."
"Good prices. "
"Stellar service and ease of shopping"
"lot of choices and easy to plan the delivery and great to have professional installation support"
"check out was a bit difficult knowing when to push what buttons"
"Had a delivery today with Jason and Sam to Topeka.  Both men were very professional, efficient and friendly.  Thank you NFM."
"Easy to shop online, measurements of all items weren't available so that was a minus but otherwise good experience. "
"Marc W. was a great help to us in buying a refrigerator. He knew the brands well, knew what was in stock and helped us with all the details. There were so many to see and he was great at helping us remember what we liked or didn’t like about certain ones. He spent quite a bit of time with us and never made us feel like we were taking too long."
"Purchased a 3 piece sectional, a bed and 2 rugs. Unfortunately, my experience has been unpleasant. After 6 MONTHS my cushions started to lose support. I called in to customer service and spoke to supervisor Michelle. She argued with me as to where the delivery of the items were delivered and insisted I was incorrect. Michelle was unprofessional and demeaning. Michelle scheduled a tech to come out and look at the couch. The tech suggested new cushions. Michelle called 2 weeks after the tech visit to let me know there was nothing NFM could do and that this was normal wear and tear. After asking who I needed to speak with to escalate the issue she stated she would get in touch with the manufacturer and request the INSERT for ONE cushion. I insisted on the entire cushion as it would be fairly difficult getting the insert into the sleeve. She denied my request. She called again a week later to inform me that the manufacturer had denied my request and let me know it was normal wear and tear. THIS IS NOT NORMAL WEAR AND TEAR. I informed her that I am a single mom with a 5 year old. I have had the sectional for 6 MONTHS! It is impossible for 2 small people to have caused support loss to this couch. Displeased with a company due to poor product quality, and poor customer service."
"Easy to locate product and complete transaction"
"awesome! thank you so much!"
"Online, adding berkshire price with out necessarily coming over and talking to a sales person. "
"Many options and great deals!"
"plenty of choice products to choose from, most available for shipping now, some mid June."
"I like the selections, and that you can shop, schedule delivery and pay all in one place."
"Always easy to find what I need and the sale prices are always great!"
"GREAT, LIKE ALWAYS"
"The prices are great and the shopping experience seamless "
"Had a hard time selecting delivery option"
"You have literally the worst website that Ive ever experienced."
"I waited till 2am to order and the price went up over $100!!! I don't understand why? The first time I put this in my cart it was $222!  Now $326 3 hours later! That really sucks!"
"N/A...It was simple, enough..."
"Was easy and very convenient "
"application on phone was not working and kept shutting down. had to move to office computer instead of shopping from bed. "
"ihuhuhnkjoñihugfgydstrz"
"Easy! Thanks! "
"On time, quick, easy"
"Everything was great  and  ordering was easy "
"Sales prices better then locally shopping but still close enough."
"Extremely simple ordering and credit process. "
"Smooth process ordering the pressure washer and warranty.Now I must wait to receive it to accurately rate the product."
"Easy purchase! "
"Easy purchase. Great store. "
"Internet is easy to navigate and find great deals."
"Easy terms and easy to build.  Did have to call in and agent was nice and professional "
"no comment apparently that isn't long enough"
"easy ordering online and FREE shipping "
"Its always easy to find what fits my needs best at the NFM website. "
"Easy to navigate the website and find rating on products I was searching for. Easy check out as well. "
"The site is well mapped out and easy to navigate."
"ALWAYS A PLEASENT EXPERIENCE ONLINE OR IN STORE"
"Was a very simple and easy process to order online and included delivery for free."
"always having items in stock"
"It took 3 tries to get the web site to let me enter the credit card info.  I wanted to add a dryer because it said there was free shipping, but it wouldn't give me that option.   I didn't but the drier.  will get it elsewhere."
"So quick and easy to order!  "
"Easy.  24 months to pay "
"Ease of review. Great selection "
"So easy to order, love the great prices "
"Great customer service, I needed help with the payment process and I spoke to a very nice woman who directed me to the right place."
"Always a consistent experience - easy to find, select, and purchase what we need. Thx!"
"I bought 2 bed frames one was ready for pickup the other won't be ready till the 22nd. However I as never presented with the option to pickup the one that is ready now today. Very disappointed so now I have to wait for both frames till the 25th. Should have been a way to split delivery so I can pick up the one that is ready today now. "
"Quality products when I want them. mostly in stock."
"I always have a great experience with NFM, rather it's online or in store."
"Nebraska has been the furniture store of choice for 10 years.   We love all the choices. "
"I always find what I am looking for and payment terms are affordable. "
"Order for pick up:Was easy to use "
"I was not able to compare models on your website.  When trying to go back to the main list of items, all of the filters were removed so I had to re-select them to narrow down my search and find the smaller list of items I was considering."
"Easy as always -thanks "
"It was easy to navigate through the options for a new TV and getting it financed was also easy and quick."
"I always find what I'm looking for and the convenience of shopping online is always a plus."
"I ordered a part for my couch and they charged my card. I called in to the customer service number to check on it and now they don’t know who I am and where the part is. A rep named nilam corrected me during the call!!  Customer service non existent. After I get this over priced part I’m done with this company. "
"web site was easy "
"Nice products and good sales. I like what I purchased. "
"Easy to use and a good amount of product reviews"
"Always have what I'm looking for and free delivery is great.."
"Easy to do online"
"was unable to checkout from mobile device. had to login to laptop in order to complete purchase. "
"Easy to view and order on line for quick delivery"
"Ease of looking for items, ease of checking out"
"Item I had on wish list was marked down 56% so I made purchas."
"Easy check out reasonable prices reliable products and services "
"The process was so easy. I live in Missouri no driving. The website easy to negotiate. They deliver free on this order. Plus it is Sunday never left my house.    "
"Easy navigation within the web site, I was able to find exactly what I wanted. Checkout walked me through the shipping and finance options. "
"So easy to order and check out"
"Couldnt get the cart to process, had to wait a day and now the delivery date I wanted is missing"
"Always a good experience and easy to work with!"
"Easy to find on sale product and ordering. "
"Easy process "
"great company. Excellent selection. Ease of purchasing"
"Easy to order. Affordable options. "
"Fast and understandable "
"Well it supports to be a free deliver for up to $400 but o was still charge for delivery not happy "
"In ability to remove items from sets. For example, i do not want the mirror that comes with the dresser. I did not have an option to remove it and save money or replace with another item."
"Convenience "
"Lots of options that make online shopping easy. NFM always has a great variety of items that fit into the different wants and needs of their customers. Nice to have the option to put the order on my card and just go pick it up the next day. "
"So far so good a bit too soon to request a review as I pick up my appliance tomorrow.  As far as price and user friendliness for online purchase goes defiantly on track for a 5-star experience. "
"Fast and easy checkout. No issues. "
"The simplicity of the online transactions."
"Easy to navigate the site & detailed description of th products "
"Shopped at the store today, then ended up purchasing on line.  Still picking up today.  Yay."
"Items are easy to find, good prices and clear options at check out."
"Choices of mattresses and ease of internet purchasing."
"I went into the store to purchase this oven and the 3 sales men did not come up to me and decided to talk in a circle debating whatever situation they were talking about. So they lost commission, and I came home to order online."
"easy to order.  "
"Smooth online experience to buy a dishwasher. No errors or issues. "
"cheaper prices "
"Easy order online. "
"Have had nothing but GREAT experiences with NFM! Use friendly online ordering system!"
"easy online purchase. Will write more after I receive the items."
"Easy to search and a great price as well!"
"very easy!!"
"Great experience!!!"
"Good price,  Many options"
"Online order process was simple, easy to understand, and effective. 👍👍"
"Easy to use easy to navigate "
"Easy to use online ordering "
"very quick and easy to complete purchase!"
"easy to order "
"Site is easy to navigate "
"Your shipping charges are kind of ridiculous.  I was ordering two things and shipping was over $350.  Ouch.  Made me purchase less."
"Online ordering was very easy."
"I could not understand if my purchase was interest free like advertised in the weeks past.  I made the purchase and because I am a shareholder now I am being punished for a discount and I may or may not be subjected to revolving interest from day one?  I still don't know. But I have credit cards that I can transfer this order to with 0 intrest for a year.  I thought my new NFM card was intrest free for 18 months."
"Very limited models to pick from.  Pricing okay"
"The website always makes the purchase easy. "
"ease of order, delivery options and price"
"If I don't intend to store my credit card with you, why should I have to bother with security questions?"
"Love this place "
"Easy to navigate. "
"On line went smoothly and I had no issues."
"Easy process. Appreciate the 12-month no interest financing.  "
"Going thru the television selection process was easy and a good experience.  "
"Price of quality product, Free shipping, Easy set op of account. "
"Easy to buy online;  and even easier same day pickup.   The employee that loaded the car was very helpful and polite"
"MY GRANDDAUGHTER WILL REALLY LOVE HER BIRTHDAY PRESENTS"
"Do not have my product that I bought, ask me later so as to give you a complete response. Made a new review on 4/27/2024 everything worked out well and I am completely satisfied."
"NFM is always a great experience.  Very simple aand easy"
"Connection problems "
"Perfect order from a great company. Thank you"
"I live in Baton Rouge , Louisiana and I just want to say that NFM has been a pleasure doing business with them.  It's fun and easy to shop. And I love all of the item's I've purchased!. Thank you "
"Everything you need for your home in the Kansas City area in one spot! We love this place and the employees. They are always helpful - to include customer service. If you want near perfection and a nearly all-inclusive process when remodeling or even if it's just for a dishwasher, cooktop, or patio furniture, NFM is the company you want working with you. Their contractors are great - NFM is a reputable, honest, and professional company we depend on in our home. An install with NFM means you are not doing all the steps and making the hard calls to search for the right thing to fit a space or would work best in your home. NFM becomes your partner in any circumstance, a partner you can depend on. We recently had a cooktop, dishwasher, countertops, backsplash, downdraft.....all the works. They schedule you, they work with you patiently and NFM has the expertise to steer you in the right direction, even on minor details. What's not to love! Respectfully, Rochelle "
"Easy to surf through the website and purchasing."
"Nebraska Furniture Mart makes online purchases a breeze. NFM offers several delivery and pickup options to meet all of your needs. I have been a customer for 7 years, and I will continue being a customer for many more years. "
"Great and easy user experience! Shopping was made really simple."
"Great Selection and great prices"
"xx xx xx xx xx xx xx xx xx xx xx xx xx "
"NFM is by far the most convenient online shopping site that I have been using. Items are always as described and delivered on time every time. Keep up the great work NFM Team. Thank you for your services."
"Very good I think"
"the ease of selecting the product and payment option. I am so excited to get this product. I have a dog that won't leave my plant real and fake alone so I plan to put my plants on top of this by my living room window so shoes can be stored and all of my plants will be safe."
"Good pricing, very easy checkout process"
"Accuracy, terms, and quality of the website. Well understood, of terms of agreement. "
"just love the ease of using my online account plus they have beautiful furniture and terms."
"Easy! Wasn’t on the floor, so ordered online. "
"Great as always "
"Always a great experience with NFM. User friendly website and knowledgeable staff never disappoints. I have several furniture pieces and a dishwasher. They are all great quality. "
"Plenty of products, easy purchasing process."
"It was an great experience "
"best price, quality and easy of service"
"Great looking chair and good features, reasonable price."
"Staff was very helpful-knowledgeable and willing to help"
"Finding the item I wanted and completing the order was easy"
"Easy to follow all instructions concerning this purchase."
"My favorite store for everything for my home. Simple, easy always name brand amazing prices and merchandise."
"Warren really lowers the price for his shareholders.  Thanks Warren!!!"
"easy to find the product I was looking for.It was in stock.delivery was free.So far so good."
"Very easy.  Hopefully it will arrive as estimated."
"I am so happy with this customer service, Amazing!!My experience has been so great..."
"Easy to navigate site and check out super easy."
"Received prompt service , was able to order merchandise quickly."
"We already knew what we wanted, found it on the website and checkout was easy. "
"Very user friendly! Thank you!"
"Easy to navigate website and great prices!"
"Quality of product, price and ease of ordering."
"Easy to use website and check out process "
"You had what I was looking for at a great price."
"I am anticipating this order will be delivered timely"
"Nebraska Funiture Mart is always where we turn when something in our house breaks! Love this place!"
"Very user friendly, thank goodness!"
"NFM is always great ... either online or in store."
"easy to order"
"Great site to navigate with clear information and pictures "
"I like the 6 month financing option with no interest.  The pricing for delivery and haul away options should be lower.  "
"This was truly shopping made easy! I love NFM!"
"Enjoy the convenience of online order and delivery"
"The online order and check out process is as easy as it can get!!!"
"Easy checkout good brands"
"Online was easy, had all my card info, push and go"
"Fairly easy to order. multiple screens can be confusing"
"Great Service!The online option is such a great option and I love the ease of use!"
"Simple and great "
"Fast and easy"
"Associates were excellent in assisting with the item purchased!"
"The value and quality; I have purchased from NFM before."
"Great prices, great service, easy as pie ordering."
"You make it easy to buy, with great payment terms.  Your product selection is also amazing."
"Slow website. Also in home delivery cost doubled when I verified my address. Doesn't make sense. Also since we did 2 orders we got shipping free but if we did it all in one we were going to pay 70 dollars for shipping. "
"Chance was very helpful and quick to solve my problem.  I appreciate his assistance and quick response.  He is a great ambassador for your company and should be recognized for the excellent customer  service he provided.  "
"Excellent products & prices!!! Easy checkout!!! Free Shipping!!!"
"Easy to sort to find what I need.  Pictures were great."
"Online ordering was painless. "
"payment options are awesome"
"When pressing \"back\" when searching for products, I would like my previous filters to stay. Say, if I had \"Price - Low to High\" filter enabled before selecting a product, I would like the same filter to be applied when I press the back button to exit out of the product. "
"Decent experience. Disappointed many of the items I had hoped to buy were no longer available. "
"The prices and having weekend delivery options"
"Easy Website "
"The ease of shopping, the sales rep was helpful but not intrusive."
"I like the online system. It is easy and convenient"
"I've been buying furniture at NFM for many years. This is my first online purchase. Very easy and quick. Can't wait to get my new bedroom furniture!"
"Ordering from the website was fast and easy. great selection of products.Thanks"
"Easy ordering online"
"I absolutely love NFM ! Best prices and great quality!"
"To be able to order and have it delivered as we live 1.5 hours away."
"What made my experience great, was being able to shop on line in the comfort of my new home purchase. I shopped in the clearance section and found exactly what I needed. It wasn't about what I \"wanted\", but what I \"needed\". NFM gave me this great experience with ease. Thank you NFM!!!"
"Free Delivery!  Best price! Super easy buying process. "
"easy website purchase.  with delivery of purchase in a reasonable amount of time"
"Was in Store lookin at New units. Tyler Wheeler helped us and was great. Please make sure he gets credit for this transaction. Wouldnt have purchased without his help. Thanks"
"Easy to find quality products, and free shipping is awesome.  "
"Could not add promo code throughout the process, had to start the checkout process over because of this. "
"Easy and simple to get through the purchase process.  Thanks! "
"Good prices.  Easy to find what I am looking for."
"Simple and clean experience "
"Website was user friendly & I found the exact thing I needed. Thank you very much. Have a great day. "
"Delivery date is almost 3 weeks. "
"Always have good prices and very easy buying experience."
"Exactly what I wanted. Easy ordering and payment."
"My account number was changed when my husband passed but I was not notified nor issued a new card. Not great customer service."
"Always easy to order and pickup "
"Love NFM, easy to find and shop."
"best price availale"
"Great options "
"Easy shopping - great selections.  Appreciate measurement information."
"Great customer service.  Thank you. "
"I didn't have to come into the store and fight for a sales agent"
"Easy to shop and checkout with required items"
"Ease of use. Easy to go online, read reviews, select, and purchase. 6 months same as cash make it a no brainer."
"NFM website is always easy to navigate, the pricing is clear, the shipping is clear and the option is there to chat with an agent.  I've been a customer since the Texas location opened and have always had great service!"
"very quick and easy"
"NFM always makes it easy to find what I am looking for. Never a disappointment. "
"NFM pick-up is very fast & efficient!"
"Convenient, good price, fast delivery"
"Great experience on line purchase"
"The process was very easy "
"Price and sales "
"Good Experience "
"No dimensions were listed, i quick online chatted with an agent and in 5 mins or less i had the answer. 10/10"
"Great prices and products are easy to find. Prices were better than I could find on other sites."
"Easy, and appreciated "
"What ever gadget I'm looking for NFM usually has, so ordering is super easy, with delivery only $5 extra dollars. Like NFM for the easy way to order "
"I wish you guys would get an app to make it easier to login and make payments"
"They sell cheap and tell the truth...they really do. I've been a loyal customer since 2006. I wouldn't go anywhere else. "
"Website is easy to navigate, and saves previous orders so makes it easy to match sets! "
"I tried to order these weeks ago and the website told me I had to contact online support, which I did. I was told someone would get back with me to sell my the furniture I wanted to buy. No one ever did.I thought about going elsewhere, but tried one last time to order and today the order went through. At least it is on sale now, so I saved money that you would have gotten in profits if someone had wanted to sell me the furniture when I asked."
"An extra 120 bucks for shipping! Ouch, great service otherwise. "
"Great Job!  We were happy with the experience. "
"Simple. Easy. Quick! "
"Always Reliable. Easy comfortable experience."
"With a bit of back and forth I was able to find what was looking for, make the purchase and establish delivery. Was a bit off-putting that when I asked to focus on one type of item; such as area rugs; other items; such as decorative tables; were included. "
"Great prices.  Good inventory.  Easy shopping."
"Fast and great product info"
"Very easy to browse the furniture pieces I wanted. I was able to add them to my cart, place, review, and submit my order in 10 minutes."
"Quick, easy and best price.  Thanks!"
"DO NOT BUY A MATTRESS FROM Nebraska Furniture Mart!!  We had the same mattress for 18 years, and thought we should buy a new one when we moved in to our new home.  Read reviews and bought a Serta from NFM.  We are small people, and in less than two years, there are huge holes where each of us sleep.  We have a hill between us, and they told us it is not bad ENOUGH!  RUN!!!"
"Easy ordering experience "
"Great! Easy and fast checkout. "
"Great Experience!"
"Ease of shopping and purchasing.  No issues!"
"Thank you so much for the great discount!"
"Quick and easy, great experience and had no problem finding what I was looking for. "
"NFM is always doing the right thing! It really doesn't matter what your expectations are . . . they make sure you are satisfied. GREAT JOB NFM!"
"The website is so friendly and easy to move around."
"I appreciate how easy it is to shop online and someone always available to answer any questions I have. "
"Easy to sumit order"
"great company and price"
"The website was very user friendly. Lots of options available for in-home delivery."
"NFM is the best retail experience I've had in years.The transaction was clear, clean, and flawless from start to finish. No hassle and NO BS."
"easy to order on line"
"good prices, easy checkout 6 month 0 interest"
"Great experience and great product at a fair price."
"I thought the prices were competitive, the free delivery was one of the reasons I chose to purchase my appliance through NFM.  Haul away old appliance was $20 cheaper than other competitors.  I do wish NFM would put a \"does it fit\" calculator on their site for appliance purchases.  I had to keep a competitor's tab open and toggle between NFM and the other tab to use the \"does it fit\" calculator to make sure this exact model would fit in my space and through the smallest opening in the path to where it would be installed."
"Display at NFM, Easy to purchase and set up delivery terms."
"Quick, easy, and painless. "
"Nothing is ever in stock and takes weeks if not months to get your items"
"Great experience both at store and online! "
"Love the product. Wish it was not backordered."
"Great variety with great prices!!"
"always easy online and no issues at all to deal with. the delivery guys are great and I enjoy the customer service"
"Great web page, easy to order and get shipped thank 😊 you "
"appreciated the coupon, liked that delivery and assembly was offered, quick delivery as well"
"Quick experience! "
"After doing research on dishwashers- I found what I wanted online- and didnt have to travel to the store to get it- BONUS!"
"My order was cancelled without my notice. I had to wait till delivery date to found out it was cancelled and nobody at NFM could explain what happened or why it was cancelled."
"i needed help getting my account set up and had the opportunity to have a women help who was a absolute joy to work with.  "
"when i was on chat the person helping actually helped me!"
"Easy to find products and the check out process is smooth"
"I love shopping online, although I cannot see the product, I have always had a good experience with NFM. Thank you for making it easy to order online. "
"I originally ordered device on 4/7. Order was cancelled on 4/12 with no notification. I also was not given any assistance in what type of device would be similar to the one I ordered. If something is not available from the supplier than it should not be available on your website. "
"Had what I needed. And it is on sale. "
"I had a very nice experience. I just wished I could have gotten a mattress and adjustable base bundle for a little less but for the most part I had a nice experience."
"Well! It took me a few minutes to get it together, when I did it's ready. Layout very good. Thx "
"easy to find"
"It was so easy to order online.  Great descriptions of everything."
"It was so easy to complete this transaction.  Thank you!"
"easy shopping"
"My dad needed replacement furniture quickly after a flood and NFM has a great stock of ready to deliver furniture! I had to call customer service to confirm my order and they were quick and friendly!"
"Website is user friendly.  My questions about product were answered.  Once I receive my product I will elaborate my review.  Overall the buying is simple."
"Speeeeeeeeeeeedy"
"I could order online. Good description of item. And check reviews "
"I talked with a sales rep Christopher Ives, he was very informative and knowledgable. The company and sales rep epitomized Nebraska class, which i truly appreciate. Stay classy Nebraska Furniture Mart."
"I found what I wanted quickly.  And the delivery date was within 2 days of purchase. "
"Online shopping was easily and fast."
"Website was easy to use and I found the item quick on the site."
"For it being so easy to get completed."
"The process was simple and quick. As a senior citizen who is not computer savvy, this shopping experience was a snap."
"Ease of use, good information"
"thorough organized and easily accessible "
"Everything was so simple!! The website walked you through everything, and had short videos that explained things in greater detail. NFM remains the best of the best!!!!"
"Easy process.  Clear, concise options.  No guess work."
"NFM site isn’t always easy to navigate. "
"The online purchasing process was quick and easy."
"I have been doing business with NFM for a very long time. I have always had great service and the products are second to none."
"Easy process, I only wish the package dimensions were available online so I could be sure it fits in my vehicle. Thanks."
"Fast, easy, and simple."
"NFM website was very easy to navigate and use to find and purchase the mattress I was looking for, and better, it was at a great sale price. "
"Experience was wondering can't wait "
"Easy to find the item online that we saw in the store."
"I have never ordered online from NFM and this was so easy."
"It's alway a pleasure to shop with you online no pushy salespersons, I can take my time and look around to get my best value for the money"
"I did this in the comfort of my own home!"
"Very easy and quick process "
"Sometimes difficult to navigate the webpage to find items.  Cannot search for things that you know are on the website (i.e. you've already looked at them) because when you type in the information, it says there are no results."
"Easy and good selection."
"Very easy to use the website to place order. Also, whenever I visited the store and I asked for help, the employees were more than willing to answer my questions."
"free shipping and availability of merchandise"
"The checkout process is thorough but easy. I like how it feels like completing steps, check, check, check, submit order. Easy-peasy!"
"The whole experience was quick and easy. Great price for a great product."
"Website didn't work very well.  Clunky experience.  "
"Easy ordering on line.  Price was right and free delivery."
"I don't want to leave a review!!!!"
"The service is excellent because it is so easy finding what you need."
"Great Price for furniture and the free delivery is great added bonus."
"Details and user friendly site"
"NFM makes checkout a breeze, and everything I have purchased is great, delivery has always been courteous and prompt"
"Fast and easy ! Always have what I am looking for !"
"The website is nice and easy to use.  I wish more people placed reviews on products, but I know that is not on the company. "
"just so easy to get the things you need "
"Screens kept running out of time on loading and I had to start over again.  Oops something went wrong appeared 4 times.  Repeated process and did exact same thing until went through.  Not very streamline"
"Easily found the appliance we were lookong for online and it was on sale! The financing options and free in home delivery are fantastic bonuses!"
"Good service,  every employee was kind and help, also very informative!"
"Everything I have bought from NFM I have had no issues with. I love NFM!"
"NFM is an amazing store because of the quality of the staff and management. Every sale speaks integrity and every interaction I have had with your sales personnel or executives have been polite, courteous, honest and fair. You've a company to be proud of. Thank you. Victoria Morrow "
"Everything is so easy "
"Nice and easy. I love NFM! "
"Easy purchase "
"easy, xtra coupon for discount"
"It was an easy experience."
"Easy, lots of choices  more filters might be helpful"
"Internet site was easy to use."
"It was easy to purchase."
"Always easy to order...delivery is quick!!"
"I placed this order last week, but guess I didn't do something to make it go through."
"Easy.Convenient. "
"Easy to enter..except for the date of the review "
"Was in store yesterday and the staff are extremely friendly and helpful. My mother purchased a bed and I loved this light but had to show my husband before purchasing. "
"My favorite place to shop. The customer service, service in general is unparalleled"
"Col, hopefully the bed was as easy as the online purchase and set up date."
"Quick and easy buying experience plus the added discount made this transaction smooth."
"easy to shop on line. "
"after a slight glitch on website, restarted and completed order without any more problems"
"Fast and easy. I had the choices I needed."
"I have always had a good experience with NFM"
"Found everything I wanted with easy check out and delivery options."
"easy to use and follow, no tricks, guided process"
"Easy and great price"
"So easy to search on NFMs site and find lots of good options. Thank you! "
"Web site was very easy to use.  I was able to filter down to the product I was most happy with, and the ordering process including planning for delivery went smoothly.  Thanks!"
"This company is doing every thing great especially the prices!!!"
"Easy to look up what we need and always have great selection!! "
"Easy to compare products, accurate information, competitive prices with other stores."
"Chose the Free Delivery option. The delivery cost was listed as \"Free\" until I entered my credit card info. Then it was switched to $50. Seems pretty shady!"
"Great shopping experience. The compare button was not working for us. "
"This is a great store for home shopping; I purchased so many items and enjoying my purchases. Customer service is great as well. "
"Easy, webpage works great!"
"I really relish the fact that NFM always has what I need on hand when I need it."
"Belinda Bradshaw11 reviewsI bought a Bassett electric leather loveseat recliner and 2 leather electric recliners, a grand total of around $4,500.00. This was in December of 2022. I still owe on it. Year and a few months, the recliner on the loveseat stopped working. I called NFM, and they said it wasn't under warranty anymore. Whick shocked me. So I bought the motor for $140 ish I guess from Bassett. That I spoke to in the begining said I would have to pay for part. My brother installed that it didn't fix it. So, I called NFM to have someone come out to fix. They said I would have to find someone else to fix it because it wasn't under any warranty. They only cover a 1 year warranty on all of their furniture. That is BS to me. They can't guarantee their furniture any longer than 1 year. That tells me that their furniture is crap. Very disappointed 😞"
"Large selection, good price point. Easy to navigate website. "
"super easy buying process. "
"Love the convenience of ordering online "
"Easy to compare products and find what I was looking for."
"Website made finding what I needed quickly"
"Your website makes ordering online easy.  Nebraska Furniture Mart comes up with some real gems; I believe this swivel glider chair is going to be my next gem!- Pamela"
"I attempted to purchase this toaster a few days ago when it was 30% off, but my best guess was the website had too much traffic at the time because the purchase kept failing. Today I was able to purchase, but it was 22% off instead of 30%. "
"Took three days to order these appliances because website wasn’t processing payments and I was hold with sales team for over 45 minutes. Customer service was very helpful but certainly limited by tech issues. "
"Big selection, good service, competitive prices."
"Would not take my Amex card. At least I get points on that card. NFM card does nothing."
"Price, and easy of functionality of site "
"Unsurpassed value and easy ordering process."
"site is a little slow.  search options and filtering a little janky. "
"Fast and easy "
"Customer service was very helpful. Easy to order what I needed and get it delivered quickly"
"Easy to find a microwave to replace our old one. Love that professional installation was part of the check out process!"
"It's always easy to find exactly what I need. NFM pricing is better than competitors selling the same item. And the sales are great!"
"Easy to order "
"Easy process to order and set up delivery or pick up of item"
"Quick and easy check out. Would like to see more information for a novice on how to know which parts to include in the purchase for installation."
"Online ordering. Awesome."
"Easy set up and always easy to order items."
"Good prices, easy access, and quality products"
"I like the furniture selection, but your website is very slow and difficult to navigate."
"Easy checkout"
"Easy to search rugs.  Size, price, color and availability.  Room flooded in house, need rug ASAP.  Couldn't tell what time to pick up though.  I see today but not sure what time."
"The online shopping is east, but it would be nice if I could compare products to see which one is better."
"I like this.Way making purchase very inconvenience"
"Easy of ordering and great price "
"always in stock and free delivery. Cant beat that!"
"Unfortunately I had to change my review, I had placed an order and was on my way to pick up I live 45 minutes away and they made a mistake with inventory and they were not available."
"Easy search, product in stock, free shipping, "
"Shopping made easy"
"NFM always has a good variety to chose from."
"Ordering was easy, online response was quick, and order was correctly entered."
"The ease of shopping and ordering from home."
"I learned the hard way that the dents/floor-models shop is not the way to go. We're in a bind, the fridge will cost more to repair than to replace, and I've had good experiences with NFM previously so I shopped online there first. I used the customer chat, which was quick and efficient, and found a decent deal on a must-have, emergency purchase (refrigerator)"
"easy order and shipping convenient.  "
"The process was easy overall and direct. I was able to order the products I needed for delivery. "
"I tried getting a bed from NFM, but sadly, the purchase didn't work out. NFM was still gracious about refunding me and letting me use a discount code toward bedding, which I truly appreciate. "
"The only this that was a disappointment is the inability to obtain specific information regarding the protection plan .. after spending 2 hours between NFM and the Protection Plan company's website and was not able it.  So I decided if it was this difficult to review prior to purchase (I would be better suited to find a hard surface and bang my head) I would just not purchase it!"
"Easy peasy!"
"Overall good shopping experience.  I was specifically looking for washer & dryer with reversible doors, and the site does not make it easy to filter by that, but then neither does anyone else.Update:  Based on feedback from NFM, I called in and they added the door reversal to the order so they'll already be done when they deliver.  Great service!"
"Overall was easy an options were presented. The only thing that was not that clear was delivery date."
"Very easy to order online. Had the coffee maker we wanted in stock."
"Good prices. Online easy to navigate. Love NFM."
"I was glad to see all the same options as there are when purchasing in the store."
"Took a look at this item in store before buying.  The Sales Staff was very helpful and not aggressive with a sale.  They showed me where the twin mattresses were so I could look at them as well.  Shopping online was easy and applying it to my NFM card was a breeze.  Thank you!"
"???????????"
"Easy to use hope for fast delivery "
"Ordered appliances online, the ordering experience was simple, booking delivery was easy, and checkout was good."
"To easy to buy"
"Web site is a little slow, but other wise everything was good. Selection and process."
"Great selection of products. Interest free."
"Great store, lots of options."
"I think I am going to love the chair - ordering it was very easy - thanks so much"
"Product we needed was in-stock and could be delivered / installed within 2 days for free."
"Fast, easy and price was reasonable."
"Easy peasy - love the interest free payment option!"
"I appreciate the value and professionalism of every aspect of my purchase. The 0% interest for 24 months is a very nice option. I am a return customer and shop in store and on-line. Looking forward to getting my delivery. "
"Affordable price for a relatively unique piece"
"The online purchasing is a cinch of course. I'm sure I'll be happy when I get my product"
"The simplicity! It makes one less thing to worry about!"
"The check out process was swift and smooth. Price was $50 higher than the Amazon, so took one star off for higher price. "
"The ease of using the online system to set up the purchase, delivery date, and payment was great."
"Easy to find reviews, compare to other models, and free shipping is always a plus."
"Good price and happy with the deal "
"Easy shopping, great financing options and just drive thru to pickup. Doesn't get easier than that!"
"I had to keep closing the browser and starting over. Once because I wanted to add the protection plan and it wouldn't let me. Once because I wanted to apply for a credit card and it would not accept our social security numbers even though they were correct. And, lastly because it didn't like the answers to the security questions."
"Easy to choose the product and esy to order"
"If this same day shipping thing is actually true then i would rate 10 stars if allowed"
"we had to take out all item on our wish list totaling $17,000.00 that we were going to purchase in two months to place this order. Very big hassle and not convenient.  "
"Easy to use website, quick checkout, always has what I'm looking for. "
"Always the right item at the right price!!!"
"The interest free financing."
"Found what I was looking for, it was in stock and I’m picking up same day"
"They are always very friendly and helpful."
"All the great options, products and pricing. "
"Found what i needed and was able to order without any issues."
"The ordering process was simple and efficient. All previous orders were delivered without incident."
"Quick and easy ordering.  Good price "
"Good to know "
"NFM always makes all buying experiences easy."
"ABSOLUTELY POG. CANT WAIT TO SHOP HERE AGAIN"
"easy to order online with free delivery. 18 months zero interest is a huge plus."
"Good company "
"Quick and easy to order.  Hope delivery and install is just as smooth.  :)"
"Good experience. "
"It's a shame that the most critical part of your website, has the most user friction. It took me 10 minutes to complete the checkout workflow. Please fix the payment and account flow. I'm running google chrome, and have noticed that every time I access my account, the page constantly freezes, memory usage spikes and crashes."
"Easy and efficient ordering process "
"It was simple to purchase my item. "
"Quicker in-home delivery and more products to choose from."
"I don't have anymore to say"
"Quick and easy.  Great looking coffee table. "
"Website was easy to use for both searching and ordering"
"I don't give reviews!Do your own marketing!"
"it wasnt great, but at lease i didnt struggle thru the site"
"The ease of using online purchase."
"Made it better knowing I can look to see what is for pick up"
"Simple website navigation and checkout process - $5 same-day delivery is excellent!"
"Very easy to use the online order system!"
"great pricing,ease of purchase,excellent shipping"
"I was able to find what i wanted at a reasonable price and order it with little effort"
"Good communication "
"You made it easy to find and purchase.  Thank you!"
"easy of use on web page. "
"Always an easy experience to purchase with NFM."
"I love the great prices and great customer service and readiness experience. "
"Just because "
"Purchasing on the website was quick and easy"
"My wife and I purchased a refrigerator at NFM. The refrigerator has multiple features so we bought the additional “warranty.” We have since experienced repeated problems with the refrigerator ice maker. Surely the extended warranty would kick in and make needed repairs. Nope. We can’t get the warranty company to even respond, much less repair the unit. Obviously, NFM is running a scam with the warranty company to generate additional revenues. Beware!!Update— NFM representative responded asking for additional information. I provided the information and NFM has done nothing! Their response was obviously to present a good face to the public. What a scam!"
"So easy to pick out what we needed and get them ordered!"
"great, easy to order and love seeing the pics"
"I always find what I need and get no interest if paid in six months.  Great service.  Thank you.  Mark   "
"When I entered my home address for delivery, I had to click Continue many many times before it allowed me to move to the next section.  Other than that, it was easy."
"the representative who helped me update my account was very good"
"Love ordering online it's so easy  never have any issues"
"Time management "
"Free Delevery!"
"i dont know why i reviewed this"
"Awesome choices and delivery options. "
"I love NFM! It is the best store to shop at and has everything."
"Easy and fast order, hope pick up is flawless! No problems in past so I don't assume any different with this one."
"Easy to use website.  Lots of information to compare TV's.  Thanks!"
"great store, good deals."
"best things that i am interested in buying at the best prices and free shipping!"
"Great customer service and credit person who helped me! I didn't get their name, but Omaha rocks!  The credit person has a daughter who is a NICU nurse in Colorado Springs- if that helps you find her to give her a great job!   Love good people! "
"I would like to see the total with tax before I submit my payment information. That stopped this from being 5 stars."
"Horrible customer service. I bought tile from NFM. The Sales process is always positive of course... When the tile finally came in and the crew came out to install, they missed the entrance to my property and went down my neighbor's property road. They drove the work truck off the side of the road and were stuck. They fumbled around for hours (I was out there trying to do what I could to assist for several hours. I used my tools and even my tractor to help) and refused to call use a tow truck to pull them out. They decided to call a friend who was 2 hours away to help them. Once the friend arrived, he was able to pull the truck out. By that time the day was over and the crew had to call it a day. They returned the following day and began work. Towards the end of the day they discovered that the tile that was estimated was not enough to cover the floor. We then had to settle with customer service to order the rest of the tile. Once my tile was installed, I called my plumber to install a standalone faucet. The plumber broke one of the tile. He examined the tile and told me that the reason the tile broke was because the tile was not adhered to the tile properly. I did challenge the plumber on his comments, however after careful research and consulting a professional tile installer, it would seem that there was some validity. I called NFM and I was asked to file a claim. I filed a claim and uploaded photos. After several days, I did not hear back from anyone. So again, i have to call in and discuss my situation. The claims guy asked me \"no one has called you\". I said that is why I am calling back. So he checked and said someone would call me back soon. I was asked to submit pictures once again. I waited several days before I had to call in once again. This time the claims guy said I would have to wait at least 2 more days and that the claim was still processing. 2 days later I call in again. I was finally transferred to the claims adjuster who asked me for pictures yet again. I played along and sent him pictures. He said he would be in touch. a couple of days went by. No call! I call back and get a hold of the claims adjuster and he boldly says \"Oh your claim was denied\". He told me that from the pictures and because the tile was still on the floor, he could not see what was going on with the tile. So he said he could not accept the claim. I did not want to argue, so I went back to the plumber and tried to get him to replace it. He said he would, but he did not have a tile contractor to work with and that I would need to find one myself. I was desparate, so I started doing a lot more of my own research about tile and installation. I then decided I had enough info and felt confident enough to remove the tile on my own. When I removed the tile it came of the floor almost effortlessly. The mortar thin-set was not stuck to the back of the tile as it was with the old tile I removed from all my floors. Also, looking at the mortar trowel lines, (or lack there of) there were non. The mortar thin-set was just botched on. I am now concerned about the entire flooring.I immediately called the adjuster guy again. He went into a rant and was not being logical. So I stopped him and I said I sent you some more picture showing everything that I explained previously in this message.He said yes, but the claim was denied. I asked well do I open another claim? He said no, the claim was denied. I explained once again my Delima. He stopped me in the middle and said I don't know anything about tile. WHAT??? I said, you do not know anything about tile, but you are going to deny my claim despite all the evidence and explanation I have provided. I asked to speak to someone that knew about tile and installing tile. He brought his manager on the phone. His manager was certainly more knowledgeable and he explained to me that he worked on the installation side before. But he also expressed that he was not sure of the thin-set specification for my tile. That is understandable. I then also commented about the leveling of my tile in general. I did not see the installers use any leveling tools at all. As a matter of fact I ask the installer about that. He told me he just feels it out and if more mortar is needed, he picks up the tile and ands more mortar. I am no expert, so I took his words. Now if I walk along the floor, I feel several tiles that are higher on the edges than others. It is ceramic tile, so the edges can be sharp. I explained this to the manager. He said that there were industry standards for leveling, and that using leveling tools was not a requirement. Personally, this is the main reason I did not lay the tile myself, because I wanted it to be professional and LEVEL! Having said all that, the manager decided to replace the one tile for me. But really no concern for the rest of the foor. He said he  would call me back the next day. It has been 2 days not. I called back. I was told they would call me L8"
"Ease of review and selection, with excellent prices and payment options. "
"Easy to find what I needed"
"Easy. Thanks "
"Nebraska Furniture Mart still continues to be the place to go even when I move 60 miles away from the KC area."
"great place to shop plus great deals "
"Great products and timely delivery options."
"I had several questions and used your chat option. They answered my questions quickly and thoroughly. They even offered to place my order for me. Easy to order and get my questions answered means a lot for me."
"Quick and easy, plus free and fast shipping."
"Lots of selections and competitive priced."
"I never have a problem shopping with NFM."
"It was great to find so many different Barbie products at NFM."
"Being available"
"hard to review itemization of purchase before submitting."
"Why can't you guys just let me do the stars?"
"Very simple process "
"When I went to place my order, the expected delivery date (that was previously showing as April 5th) changed to May 18th.  ?????"
"Found what I wanted at a fair price and same day delivery."
"It was easy to connect my account and get the purchase made."
"I can't always drive to Omaha so having this feature is great! Super easy to order items and use my NFM card"
"nfm is the best- easy to navigate, great customer service and super affordable products"
"The product descriptions weren't detailed enough to research the products"
"This was a simple way to make my purchase at any time of the night. "
"Less than zero. Same floor issue. Spent 1275.40 for flooring. Contractor put in it was defective. Nfm refuses to accept responsibility. Small claims court is next option!  Don’t buy flooring from these people!    Telling me to contact the people who have already decline to make it right is hardly a resolution!  "
"The transaction went very smooth. Thanks"
"Ordering was so easy and I love 6 mos free financing!"
"Online order process is easy "
"Ease of use everyday "
"Always good buying from you.  Thank you."
"Feel like you don't have a lot of options in stock. "
"Shopping is easy here! But unfortunately no app in AppStore. Support is very kind and fast-resposing. Recommend!"
"The checkout process was very slow on the computer."
"The NFM website does not indicate the required water filter part number for my GE Profile refrigerator.  I had to go to the GE website to research the filter part #.  Not customer friendly"
"Will order from NFM again!"
"Started online purchase with sale price of $543.00 with a coupon code East25. When went to check out the price escalated to $590.00 and coupon code was no longer accepted. I am assuming this was because the purchase time was at that point after 12:01AM and date was then 4/1 and researching coupon expired on 3/31. I wasn't aware it was maybe a Easter related pricing sale. I drove to your KS location today to find it closed. I'm understanding of time off for families but the pricing switch when I was in the check out portal is dissapointing. I need a washing machine and getting one delivered this week is a good thing. The price give and take back not so much. "
"It was good."
"Quality products, with many to choose from, fair pricing, free delivery sometimes, nice website shopping, thoughtful promotions, simple checkout."
"The website is very clear and concise - and easy to use!  I love that i have my account connected, with my NFM card - and it makes it so easy to click and spend a bunch of money!  "
"easy to find. easy to purchase.  Love the easy pick up"
"Very easy to order on line, applied my coupon and was able to get my product delivered to my home for free! Thank you NFM!"
"The ease and the shopping ability online"
"I was able to find what I needed in a quick amount of time."
"Love sales…Thank You!"
"It is not applying coupon code at check out."
"Love how easy and quick this whole process is. "
"Easy and convenient "
" Always an easy shopping experience"
"Great selection and best prices! Items were ready and in stock with options for pick up OR free shipping. Always feel NFM is the best bet on all accounts!"
"It was difficult to tell what we were getting in the cart screen. I almost cancelled the order because it didn't indicate anything about qualifying for free delivery and installation before I got all the way to the end.  It also kept removing the coupon.  The NFM website is cumbersome in general.  Very difficult to navigate and find items."
"Friendly people who go out of there way to take care of you"
"Easy ordering "
"Found the console style I wanted for a good price."
"would've bene a five if I could have picked up on easter"
"Hi of course"
"I never understand why smaller is more expensive. It makes my head hurt. "
"I simple Love NFM. Thank you so much."
"Great price, free delivery and inexpensive haul away"
"I knew what furniture I wanted but I had to create a new account because my payment was not accepted on the old account no matter what payment I tried to use. "
"Easy work thank you"
"i like the ease of ordering and the prices. great store and website. thanks NFM"
"Great customer service"
"Great service with the team in store"
"Quick and easy selection of product and checkout."
"Great selection at great prices. Free shipping really helps with the purchase decision. "
"Easy shopping"
"The easy of setting up drive-thru pickup."
"love shopping on website"
"Saving money made easyThanks"
"It was a little bit more expensive then I wanted to pay and they've should of hauled the other one off for FREE!!!"
"So far Online processing was easy.  Now let's see how the pick up goes at the store."
"Great store and online process. Store personnel does not hound you or try to sell you."
"Was able to visit NFM and test out chair, come home and buy online."
"You web site is user friendly! Appreciate the complimentary delivery! You have excellent leadership in your company! "
"Love NFM! Great prices and easy to work with!"
"Good service, and always stock available! "
"Quick and easy"
"Easy online shopping and free delivery! "
"Love NFM forever "
"Awesome experience. Robert Moore was a great help!"
"Had to recreate my account due to a old account attached to a NFM card i never had . Chat support delted profile alond with all my info so had to recreate everything and look for funiture all over cause it didnt  save. Plus avaiable delivery is 2 weeks away "
"I LOVE SHOPPING ON LINE.  NO HASSLE PARKING. "
"Online purchase was easy"
"so easy to order - like seeing the different pictures and description of each product"
"There wasn't alot of confusion making my purchase!"
"fast and easy everything i needed from product to financing all in one. and free delivery and haul away"
"Very easy, and quick"
"Ordering and payment options are easy to choose "
"I was able to apply for a credit card and purchase a bedroom set and couch in a matter of minutes!"
"Great experience"
"The website is very user friendly and informative.  "
"easy to navigate."
"The selection and pricing are great.  Navigating the website feels cumbersome though.  Products I searched for in prior weeks no longer appear as an option without any explanation.  Often I have to repeat a search selection after viewing a product.  I think the website could be improved. "
"Best sales person ever helped me in-store, but I couldn't decide so I decided to purchase online at a later date."
"easy to find what I want and easy to order."
"I was able to see this product in your store and then order it online from home.  This is the best of the two shopping experiences.  Your sales staff answered my questions - much better than online chat."
"Great Ease of the Website "
"Everything about Nebraska Furniture Mart is amazing!"
"Spoke with a representative about the no interest requirements on the NFM card and he was very helpful."
"Easy to navigate and I also like the price "
"Easily found what was instock and available for pick up. "
"This is my third purchase and my experiences have always been cost effective and efficient. Thank you!"
"Good help from Chris James resolving a billing issue."
"It is always so extremely easy to use the NFM website. I love it. "
"great place"
"Bought a giant bedframe, bought 77\" s95c Oled, bought beats headset.... now buying this receiver.... I've used online and in store services and move this place.Only the exchanges should be a some q but faster, other than that it's perfect. I chose this over best but all the time."
"Simple and great service "
"Good website "
"Expensive insurance. Accept crypto pls. In-store sales people are great! Online chat agent was helpful."
"The speed of finding what I needed, and the fact that it can be delivered the same day."
"quick, good prices"
"great,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,"
"Good selection good website smooth experience"
"Love the website!! Super easy to navigate."
"Great price, no interest and easy pick up!"
"Online shopping is always quick and straightforward, really love the convenience. "
"Excellent prices, easy purchase & I know from years of experience - I can count on NFM to stand behind the products they sell."
"availability"
"Easy to find what I was looking for.  "
"Easy and fast. "
"Really easy to order from"
"great product and price"
"Easy to purchase, great price, and I just drive thru to pick it up. "
"This purchase was really easy.  One of the easier purchases that I've made online.  Information on product is very concise and informative.  A very pleasant shopping experience.  "
"NFM always have the best products and prices and they make it easy for pickup with drive-thru"
"Easy, and fast. "
"Easy application and order process"
"The website is very easy to maneuver and comprehend.  "
"The online shopping experience was quick and easy. I was even more pleased when the final cost for the item I ordered was less than I had anticipated. Now I am patiently waiting on my delivery. Thanks NFM!"
"I have always been pleased with my purchase and delivery experiences at NFM. Their inventory offers so many choice.  I also like the various delivery options."
"The fact that I could open a NFM credit card online with 24 months interest free.  It was easy and fast!"
"Straight forward with showing parts needed with appliance."
"Thank You for this experience "
"Website is user friendly"
"easy to follow instructions"
"The Store and The Website both are the best. I am Always Happy with NFM"
"Easy to order on line.  Have purchased many items from y'all "
"Easy experience "
"Super easy, I love NFM. No place like this "
"Great options and pricing."
"Item was available and the online was easy to use,"
"helpful reviews and the ability to ship to home."
"Cheapest price i found and quick delivery.  Easy transaction."
"Everything worked flawlessly without any issues! Easy to make my final purchase without needing additional information like other retailers. Thank you Nebraska!"
"I love the quality and the no pressure shopping with NFM."
"lots of options and easy to make pmt "
"Could not get clarification on shipping with the live agent or online chat."
"Always the best."
"Quick and easy.  Jeremy and Chris in chat answered all my questions. "
"It was very easy to purchase this chair online and delivery the next day is great."
"always great prices "
"Easy to view, to order, etc.  Love NFM!"
"Easy on line ordering, same day delivery"
"We went to the showroom a few days ago and looked at dishwashers.  The man who helped us gave us great feedback.  He gave us all the information we needed without pressure.  I like all the different options for delivery.  I also like all the different options for installation since we have our own professional installer.  NFM had the best prices we could find.  As long as it is delivered on time this was a smooth purchase! "
"The easiness of being able to get the product.  Thank you."
"GREAT PRICES AND EXCELLENT CUSTOMER SERVICE"
"No interest financing and free shipping is awesome! Product selection is good but could be a bit better. "
"Fast easy process and all terms easily explained. Delivery process has always gone well. "
"Found the item I was looking for right away and was able to easily complete my purchase."
"Easy and simple "
"The detailed descriptions of the items and also the ratings from customers make online shopping easy. "
"Easy and simple"
"Easy to navigate and product pages had adequate item information so I could make an informed decision. Credit application was smooth and easy. I will do lots of business with NFM in the future"
"The order page did not offer an option to have the shipment assembled in the home."
"Very smooth, will definitely shop here in the future. "
"So far so good, but have not received the furniture to know of the quality yet. "
"Great products, unbeatable prices. "
"Super easy, knew what I wanted, I hope pick up is as easy!"
"GOOD online ORDERING EXPERIENCE "
"You are great "
"Easy online process"
"Charging $12 to deliver an electronic device locally is excessive and gives me pause about making future purchases. I can get the same product delivered for free via Amazon. "
"Extremely easy to navigate for the less tech savvy person, like me. "
"Easy site to navigate and checkout"
"Never had a problem. Always great customer service."
"A+++++++++++++"
"Easy and quick purchase and delivery."
"ease of doing business "
"LOVE LOVE LOVE NFM....Products are BEAUTIFUL, reasonably priced, EXCELLENT Customer Services Associates.  I just wish NFM had more Discount Coupons when making BIG Purchases ;( (lol) "
" love this hopefully.!!!!!!!!!"
"Quick and easy online ordering"
"ease, price"
"Item in stock and at a good price."
"It was pretty simple to order online. Thank you for the opportunity to finance my furniture. "
"Website is easy to maneuver. "
"Easy to find what I needed and pickup bay is quick and easy."
"It was easy and hassle free to do online."
"Availability of Products and online shopping"
"Easy to navigate site!"
"Easy online"
"Other than getting kicked out of my account for no reason I am excited to pick up my item. This was quick and easy-ish..."
"So easy to order online.  Super delivery. And great quality. "
"The best availability of advertised products, great brand name elections, quality brand names, easy of financing and every thing you looking for...it's here at Nebraska Furniture Mart...!"
"Chat help was great to help me with questions and make a decision. Thanks!"
"Quick and Easy to order. Love the 6 month no interest finance. "
"NFM always has what I'm looking. They always great you with a smile and hello."
"NFM has great sales with everyday needed products."
"We've been doing business with NFM for years! Quality products, fair price, delivery makes it super convenient, and great customer service has made us keep returning to do more business! "
"I ordered this on line and the whole process was very easy. I won't need to go into the store, just drive thru and pick it up."
"Not a thing at all thank you "
"the process was very simple and easy to understand"
"I always have great help and service "
"Great experience to buy from NFM"
"NFM is always easy to deal with "
"Was made easy to use"
"Easy to navigate. Easy to understand and to find the options I'm looking for. website does seem to run slow between pages. But overall satisfied."
"quick and easy to order"
"It was easy to order and schedule delivery"
"Easy to order, delivery cost reasonable, and table on sale!"
"excellent service"
"Easy process. Chistopher was very helpful on the chat also"
"Found what i wanted"
"Came looking for a new washer. NFM had exactly what I was looking for, at the right price, and delivered QUICK"
"great showing of what was in stock and you had just what I was looking for. Easy to do business and have delivered."
"The items I had shopped for on a previous visit, came right up when I logged on it today, which made my buying experience quick and perfect"
"Great Pricing was better than Amazon"
"good preic and free delivery"
"appliances are the best and prices are affordable"
"How easy to get the information on product to make a correct decision"
"Website is user friendly. "
"ORDERED WITHOUT TRYING OUT MATTRESS BUT I LOVE SHOPPING AT THIS STORE; GOOD VALUE FOR THE MONEY."
"Vary good service "
"NFM makes it so easy to order and deliver to your home!"
"Plenty of sales people people on the floor to help but not pushy or invades your space while you’re just shopping"
"Selection was available. Will update after picking it up, building it and using the craft table."
"Easy, Fast, Convenient from my home!"
"Easy to find and order product.  "
"NFM always does a great job! We have purchased a whole house full of furniture and never had a bad experience! "
"First time using NFM, I was very impressed with the prices and the quick delivery. Very easy to navigate the app. Highly recommend to anyone interested in using them."
"The great bargain prices for quality products."
"the particular item i was interested in was not in stock. i inquired about a military discount or waiving the shipping fee $42. \"Christopher\" offered to apply a military discount which would have been $40 higher and went on to say you dont offer free shipping. Funny, over the last 20 years ive spent over $85K in your store; most recently @ $13K last July and have never paid shipping/delivery fees."
"The online shopping experience was seamless and efficient."
"We just love the options, prices and the top name brands! Our home is out fitted primarily of furniture and appliances purchased through NFM! Thanks!"
"Danny in the computer dept was very helpful. "
"Fast, easy, and convenient, shipping is very slow, and it can use some speed to deliver items :) "
"We love NFM! Easy to find what I am looking for. Great prices, my washer was even less once added to my cart so that was a nice surprise! In home next day delivery removes worries of having no washing machine available for use."
"The website is very user friendly in regard to menus and the search bar however the speed of the website was very slow. Edit: the company was very quick to respond stating someone is actively working to fix the speed"
"My second purchase with NFM. They make it too easy."
"easy check out "
"Got what we really wanted. Good choice selection"
"Account sign up and linking to my NFM credit card was seamless and easy.  I like how everything is in one place and it doesn't feel like I'm dealing with two separate companies: one for the credit and another for the furniture."
"Found the washer and dryer set for a better price here at NFM, easy to order and set up delivery online!"
"Too many steps to get to the purchase point."
"Great product and customer service "
"Another easy purchase!"
"Easy to find items. Quick checkout."
"too many pop ups when your trying to check out, I dont want to shop more I was done and the pop ups are just to much "
"good prices and easy shopping"
"Was concerned that the \"walnut\" finish of the furniture I ordered may be too dark.  The photo included with the online order was not sufficiently well lit to verify this.Also, I am concerned that there is no return policy, if the finish IS too dark."
"I could sit at home and order and not make a trip to the store 'cause I already knew what I wanted."
"Ordering online was super easy and convenient. "
"Great product selection and free shipping 🚢 "
"It was easy to find the item that I wanted.  "
"i had to call to get my gift card resent. It was almost closing time and everyone I spoke with was so nice despite the late hour of my call. "
"Easy to complete. "
"Besides redundant applications it was OK!!"
"Very easy to order, "
"It is always easy to shop online at NFM.com"
"Easy to find what I want"
"easy and perfect "
"the variety of products available and the fast and free delivery "
"It was a quick process"
"Purchased a washer & dryer and a  refrigerator several months ago, aside from a plethora of other furnishings for my new home and clients too. My concern is that when I got back from a two month trip at another state, I noticed an excessive amount of lint were everywhere in my laundry room and realized the delivery man/installer didn’t hook up my dryer hose correctly. Called NFM’s customer service but they couldn’t help me bec the return or service time of 30 days has lapsed. Who would’ve thought all that lint were all accumulating at the back of the washer and dryer. Very disappointed considering all the purchases I’ve made in the past at NFM. You’d think they’d help me with this problem they created…but NFM’s  30 days policy prevents them from doing the only right thing. Should’ve bought appliances at Lowe’s or Home Depot where I’ve always had outstanding customer service in the past with any purchases made there. "
"Had a hard time with the unbundling of the order so I could split up shipping and pickup based on availability.  The user interface is pretty poor and could use a little tlc on that part of the checkout process."
"Easy, Fast and always effective "
"Easy online ordering and purchase process."
"I like that you are taking our old washer! It saves us so much time!"
"I love seaching for what I need online--always find it--and having it delivered."
"I always love my experience with Nebraska Furniture Mart and really appreciate their months of no interest it lets getting those bid orders in a lot less stressful."
"NFM is great! Website is user friendly and customer service is always king and helpful!"
"Good deals and easy to navigate website thank you "
"Ease of purchase and scheduling of delivery "
"Very easy ordering and pick up! "
"It was quick and easy to use the website. Also they are shipping my purchase to Georgia for me."
"Have exactly what I needed"
"I love NFM, great prices, easy to work with, and the best credit card terms!"
"We had shopped in store for what we wanted, and since we are more than 100 miles away, having free shipping was a great option."
"We had purchased  furniture previously and wanted to match what we had so we typed in the name brand and found our selection easily"
"Very competitive pricing. Greatly enjoying doing business with NFM."
"I had to call customer service today, and they were very helpful. I appreciate the option of free shipping for this item rather than having to come to the store for pickup. Thanks! "
"Love NFM!! I have shopped here for years! "
"I prefer online order ordering. NFM made this experience easy. "
"Just easy great price just what we wanted"
"NFM makes a lot of this ten times easier than I assumed it would be and keep providing beyond normal customer service. Shopping, great deals, awesome products, logical financing, pick-up, delivery, and installation have all been hassle free and makes me come back for my long term interior upgrades."
"Very easy on line process."
"Easy to get around in the website.  Great selection of what I was looking for "
"As always service was excellent. "
"Easy process, simple webpage to navigate thank you"
"Website is easy to navigate, awesome clean shopping experience."
"Looking at the furniture in the building was really nice "
"i like shopping at nfm great furniture awesome place."
"Easy to do except for this part"
"I really love to shop here so much easier than going to stores and waiting for the lines."
"Easy to find and buy what I was looking for."
"Walked around the store before deciding to purchase. Plenty of friendly staff and helpful with questions. "
"Experience has been very smooth and easy!"
"Omaha boys like NE furniture mart in Texas"
"NFM has been easy to work with and they offer good products for a fair price. "
"Locating the product I wanted was easy, it had details of the product. Checkout was smooth, it had options to view terms for questions. My order and charges were clear before fully checking out."
"Everything was made easy "
"Really happy was cheaper then ashley price wise "
"Easy ordering process.  Had item in stock while others did not.  Need product asap and not time to wait for delivery. "
"Very helpful and friendly associates in the store. We came in to buy a bookshelf and ended up with that a sound bar, desk, 2 recliners and couch for the family room! Just moved to Omaha a couple months ago and this was our first visit. We will be back for our living room furniture soon! Amazing place with everything you could possibly want!"
"Thanks this was very nice "
"Purchased online 2 bed pillows with my NFM gift card.  Experience was very easy."
"I find the online shopping experience to be very easy. After that, I just pull up to a designated bay and they bring the merchandise out to me. Can't beat it."
"Great website and easy to use. Low prices for quality products. We won't shop anywhere else. "
"Great selection.  Great website.  Easy to purchase remotely."
"I love NFM. I have bought many things from there."
"Great exactly what I needed "
"This was easy. "
"The Best and Easiest "
"Quick and easy with reasonable price "
"happy happy happy"
"Easy to get what I needed"
"Website is super easy to navigate!"
"Your website was easy to manage, and your chat was very informative."
"easy to use, great prices. "
"Site was easy to use. Comparison feature was helpful and checkout was quick."
"Fabulous Awesome Great Outstanding "
"Great service, needed refrigerator asap"
"Great site with easy navigation and great products at amazing prices"
"Ease of finding and getting what I needed "
"Very good experience and great price and clean area for shopping."
"Efficiency "
"Love NFM. Go to for most appliance and furniture needs"
"Love NFM, easy to order or purchase in store."
"Everything was great "
"good selection an price "
"FAST SHOPPING AND CHECKING!"
"Great price and always easy to shop on your site. "
"Talked to Chris at the store in Dallas ,TX. Answered all of my questions. He was very patient with me, I appreciate. On line experience went smoothly."
"Easy online purchase except for not being able to see pricing unless its in our cart."
"The pages were unresponsive, had to wait for each page to load."
"Great stuff "
"Having the item I want available by delivery to my house. Just wish they could have taken my washer and dryer away for even a fee."
"Very easy to deal with"
"Awesome customer service "
"Easy, quick and hassle free. "
"The prices were great and the website is easy to navigate. "
"Ease of navigation through the website.  Search and filter functionality was intuitive and efficient.  Explanation of financing options was clear.  Able to handle entire process by myself from research to purchase."
"Everything was nice and easy. "
"Very easy order process"
"Easy to find products and easy to complete purchase. "
"this makes me so happy to complete my set"
"Farley simple "
"Ordering process is easy to use."
"I love purchasing my items online. "
"It’s always a great customer experience, and your site makes it so easy.  "
"Ordering was easy and the prices were unbeatable."
"Yes absolutely and great way to boost my credit "
"Actually I liked the sales price on the items.  I added items to my shopping  cart and came back later.  The sales price was still good.  I appreciate that"
"Easy to find what I wanted and easy to order"
"Easy to find product and check out"
"I really enjoyed my visit to your store. It was my first time there and the staff was very helpful. I found what I was looking for very quickly. Looking forward to going back and finding more pieces for my new house. "
"That you will get your delivery on time and they also give you No interest if you pay in time."
"I have an exclusive deal letter that includes 24 month financing, but there was not option or pin number to enter to receive it-"
"Good price and service available when I wanted it."
"Easy to shop at and good sales"
"Site is easy to navigate, prices are great!"
"EASY PURCHASE "
"Easy of ordering, quality products."
"Thought the website was very easily navigable and the options were clear and reasonable. "
"very easy to use "
"Always the best selection and never disappoints "
"Getting my purchases was seamless and stress-free."
"Awesome selection, no pressure sales and excellent pricing with finance terms!  We love NFM!"
"Very frustrating webpage, the same washer/dryer pair  sometimes did not display, depending on from which icon I started the search to get back to the pair of interest (all icons were major appliance related.  Also, when I first add selection to my cart and began checkout, the checkout pages would not provide selection option for home delivery. . .had to delete item and start over."
"They made me give review. "
"Unglued fun jj on dmv NHL CNN HD cj if cub ug"
"great and thank you"
"easy, quick , simple"
"Simple and easy process"
"Ease of purchase!"
"easy to use on line account"
"Always easy online experience with order to deliver items."
"easy...nice selection, found what I was looking for."
"My order was online and it was very quick and easy!   They have great selection (a variety) and awesome customer service"
"The ease of online ordering. "
"The website is a bit slow. Otherwise its a 5 star"
"Easy to navigate the site and pay online."
"easy and fast . good stuff . "
"Easy to shop and order on line plus I get same day pick up.  Only issue I had is the item I really wanted was discontinued and I just purchased the matching items in Sept. 23'"
"Order canceled after driving an hour to pick up product because they misspriced it online"
"Easy Transaction!Didn't know I could order direct on line. Saved a 2 hour drive one-way,  Thank you"
"Great number of options, fast free delivery and ease of use with the website."
"Ordering is so easy I love NFM "
"Great website with excellent loyal customer pricing!"
"Quick, easy and great prices"
"Easy checkout, & they even took my e-reward code without issue."
"Zero percent interest "
"The price of the product was good and checkout was easy"
"NFM is Good to go "
"Ease of use to place an order "
"Better selection than Lowes. Quick process and I like that I can pick it up on my schedule"
"Super easy terms and interest free financing"
"quick online order"
"Cool. 😎 😎😎😎😎"
"I had a little difficulty at first submitting my on line order. But l did get it to go through."
"items online were easy to find and compare made shopping easy."
"Easy day to be a part of this is the "
"wanted an item. i wasn't aware NFM offers same day delivery. i think it's great. also didn't know the product i wanted was available at NFM. will shop again."
"Ordering on line and having it delivered is nice.  Wish they would just give you a little more delivery information"
"Easy to order and finance. Love the free delivery and appliance placement!"
"I always enjoy shopping on the NFM website. I love their products and have never been disappointed with any selection over the years."
"NFM's website is very user friendly.   Showing the items in our space was a giant plus.  I had opened a new account and had to phone customer service. The representative was very kind and knowledgeable and helped me with my account number. The sofa and recliner/rocker were lower in price than any competitors prices for the same items. We're having to wait for our furniture as it was out of stock in our area, but I'm very pleased with our purchase and look forward to receiving our furniture. This was my first experience wih NFM and I have to say I'm happy I shopped with them today!"
"Easy experience! My friend recommended NFM to me. Hopefully the delivery will go smoothly as the purchase."
"The online chat with Daniel was extremely helpful!"
"Great prices, website is a bit clunky. "
"Your phone service was great.  Easy and feel like a good customer.  Always love your service.  "
"We've been waiting on these for two years! And what a great deal, our bedroom set is now complete! "
"Website is easy to use, however round and smaller sized rug do not render correctly in the room visualizer. They display very small and are not able to be resized.  Also, coupon code presented during use of room visualizer for 50% off MSRP was not accepted at checkout. "
"Always great "
"I had two day beds on my wish list.  Waitined, but it will work.g on backorders.  No longer available.  So, had to do my search all over.  Finally settled on a plaine bed frame.  Disappoint"
"My purchasing experience was quick and easy."
"Easy to navigate. Fast checkout"
"I received a letter offering a discount if i waited until march 6-12th to purchase the couch and love seat. So i waited. When i checked out with the discount code on the letter i ended up spending 45$ more then if i would have bought them when i wanted to."
"Ease of search"
"Easy peasy. No problem "
"The low price "
"Ease of navigating website. This is our second purchase of these desks. They were purchased to replace desks damaged by a water leak. "
"Very easy and convenient to order online."
"Items were grouped into relevant searches. It was nice not having to click on every item to find what I was looking for."
"I was able to narrow my search for what i was looking for and made process much easier."
"Wouldn't say it was great as I spent way more time waiting than actually entering my purchase.  Website was very, very slow this morning."
"Online ordering was very user friendly. "
"Prices dropped! I've been waiting to purchase 2 benches. 1 for the end of my bed and the other for my dining room table and they were BOTH 50% off! Paid $335 for the 2 w/taxes!!"
"Ordering online was easy and all items needed were available.  Perfect!"
"Quick and simple free home delivery"
"Password reset on mobile is terrible. Mainly because took me 3 tries to reset my password and the screen keep disappearing."
"Ease of use mainly, but prices are always fantastic, too!"
"Easy to find the information i needed to choose a new laptop for school without completely breaking the bank"
"Great Sale! Awesome discount on bundling Service Plans.  FREE SHIPPING!!  Easy Peasy!"
"Easy to find exactly what I wanted! Very satisfied."
"I was able to shop in person then come home and complete purchase after giving my decision thought"
"Was Great I could order Online "
"Comfort - value "
"Had a lot of twists and turns and a bit of confusion, but everything worked out in the end."
"Ismail (extension 72428) -- I called in for questions on delivery, and he was *very* helpful... NFM customer service is as much a reason I shop with you guys as the quality and price; and it's due to people like Ismail.  Please pass on my thanks!"
"Fast and easy, great selection and prices. Love NFM!"
"NFM did well"
"EASY ONLINE SHOPPING "
"Great company. Will continue to use this company"
"You will find all your house hold needs at Nebraska Furniture Mart! From entertainment to kitchen needs. They have it all!"
"Good background info on purchased item. Very good past experiences with NFM. "
"System continually told my by billing address did not match even though its the address defaulted by the site. I would have used my NFM card if the above had worked but got annoyed and used another card"
"Great experience, as always!"
"Easy to use, good price great store"
"Web site very easy to use.  Found what I was looking for quickly.  "
"Did it all online. It was simple. Easy. And fast. 10/10"
"Yes it was good"
"I was having trouble purchasing furniture online and had called In for help. I was able to get what I needed done with the help of Kerre A. Very plesent to work with. Very happy with my purchase.  "
"I couldn't believe the price on this purchase!!!"
"Nfm is fast and easy with fantastic prices and availability on products that are somewhat difficult to find where im at."
"Lots of choices, almost too hard to decide."
"Everything "
"I buy everything from NFM. I've been a customer for over 56 years."
"Click, click, boom bang done ordered and on the way! Love love love NFM!!"
"I love the prices and the selection. The VR room tool is pretty awesome too!"
"I found everything I needed and was simple to shop. Purchase process was a breeze.  Keep up the good work."
"found this at another local dealer, but they only had floor model, or 3mo wait. NFM had in stock and for $600 less than where I first found it. Excellent!"
"Filters when searching are not useful. Filter options need to be more specific to the item being purchased. Such as being able to filter by material of tub in this case. Also, pricing not being viewable until in cart is really annoying. I had to use another website to actually look for the one I wanted and then search by model number on the NFM website. Checkout process was easy though and I was happy to get such a soon date for install. "
"Always easy to navigate and love the sales!"
"So so easy to process! And love my discount.... thank you!"
"Better price than anyone, easy checkout and delivery/pickup. No annoying popups or pushing to purchase extra warranties. "
"Ordering is easy online. Ordered a new side by side refrigerator recently and was happy with the delivery."
"very easy to order online.  very quick and user friendly"
"quick and easyyou are a few dollars higher than WalMart but waaaaaay better"
"Always helpful "
"Finaincing options "
"Amazing service. Thank you!!!"
"The General Public sales are better than the Exclusive Deals just for Card Holders "
"Problems verifying my address and card information"
"Easy transaction, and shipping cost was free for one item."
"Easy to operate website. "
"Convenient, yes. Not the same as in person sales experience. And not available to measure or offer dimensions."
"Cheryl with appliance sales was extremely helpful by phone and I had a million questions and difficult desires. NFM has been awesome!"
"great products, great prices"
"buying our flooring was easy. the hard part was deciding which flooring to buy considering the large selection to choose from. Quality is always good. "
"Great website. Good information available. Easy to order online. Looking forward to receiving my purchases."
"VERY GOOD EXPERIENCE"
"quick and to the point. (Thanks)"
"simple, clean graphics.   in the logical order."
"Always an easy process. I wish more ps5 gamed were available online for purchase. "
"It was easy."
"The website is easy to maneuver & makes shopping on my terms easy & fast."
"Ease of use of the website and better pricing than going direct to the manufacturer."
"You had what I wanted.  You made it simple to buy and pick up.  Your online purchase experience is easy.  The hardest part was figuring out the date protocol in your review area.  Year/month/day?  Really?  Why?  You could have at least explained it instead of hoping I'd figure it out.  "
"AMAZING PRODUCTS AT INCREDIBLE PRICES. THANK YOU"
"Great job.  User Friendly.  Derrick Goode"
"Easy website to navigate.  Check out process was easy and quick"
"Had a little problem with trying  to order and set up for delivery but I think I have it now"
"Easy to order.  Great price."
"Easy to order and find the right products."
"We love you guys and will forever use your great service!"
"the financing plan - 24 month intrest free"
"Easy to navigate the site"
"easy and quick"
"I purchased a mattress last year in February and wanted to purchase the same mattress.  Travis helped me by getting me the link to the mattress, and I was able to add it to my order.  Everything was smooth and easy to complete the order."
"Seems a little odd that you require an account to see \"secret\" prices but you don't allow someone to create one in the beginning of a sale."
"Convenience, price, color and size"
"On-Line ordering is fantastic!! Easy to use and hassle free!"
"The ease of ordering and payment interest free made this a seamless decision. "
"Website was ok to good on user experience"
"This was so easy and tons of options to choose from!"
"Easy to order online"
"Easy on-line ordering system and on sale."
"Easy to find just what my son wanted. Good price.  "
"Easy website to navigate and make purchase. "
"Easy to shop online.  NFM always have a good selection to choose from and always have what I'm looking for."
"Shopping on line easy and user friendly."
"It was easy to place the order.  I just wish we had free delivery.  We are loyal NFM customers."
"Great company to buy from the customer service is second to none."
"We looked at the furniture in the store and decided to buy online so that we could measure the room first. Everything was very easy. "
"Easy to compare lots of options relatively quickly."
"Right price, right color "
"Your website especially on mobile devices is one of the worst I have used. It is slow, doesn't retain information that is input. I love NFM but your website is terrible."
"It was easy to logon, locate the item I wanted, locate insurance options, and place my order. The delivery date options were easily identified. The only issue is not being able to apply my military discounts online. This is extremely disappointing. "
"Easy very easy to use "
"needed a dryer today and they had it instock for pickup and best price "
"Easy to use great options "
"Always find what I need."
"prices are amazing and check out i so easy."
"Super easy and fast delivery.  Third large purchase"
"Website is difficult to get through but overall works well"
"Online ordering process, with agent chat, was quick and efficient. Thank you, NFM!"
"Easy to find item and order. I do have a loyalty pricing code It is MC24LP."
"Easy able to shop"
"Website is slow, outdated, and not very intuitive"
"I liked the user friendly platform. However, I do not like being directed to a new other page to make my payment. I preferred the method where I stay on the same page to pay my bill. "
"NFM is so convenient as far as ordering on the phone. Everything on the website is so easy to follow. just order what I need and add my NFM credit card and we're all set."
"Always easy to navigate the website, and I appreciate my information (including card) being stored on my account."
"Web site is easy to navigate - good prices"
"Great to shop on line since it is a long drive for us. The prices are reasonable and the past service with them has been great."
"Great service "
"very easy to order."
"Easy easy easy "
"Easy to maneuver website. . "
"bad website design and ruling on zipcode, had to create a new address the exact same as the one in your system. "
"Prices are reasonable deliveries r on time"
"It didn't take long to checkout,and I love the free pickup option."
"It is easy to navigate, and the questions part of the website was good as it did answer my question about the orientation of the couch. "
"shopping was fast and easy, thank you"
"It is really easy to order online.  Thank you for an easy shopping experience. "
" I saw I chair that I wanted and they can deliver it in 2 days to my garage."
"Buying on the website in order to just drive through and pick up was very difficult on your unfriendly user web site."
"Easy to find what I was needing "
"Easy and efficient, as always."
"I received a letter in the mail and within an hour I was approved and had purchased my items and picking them up same day."
"easy to use and user friendly"
"it was easy and fast"
"This process is way toooo easy - thanks :)"
"I love how easy and informative the website it. lets me find exactly what i'm looking for at a great price. "
"Love the convenience of drive through pick up.I recently had hip replacement surgery. It was very easy on me."
"LOVE THE CONVENIENCE OF IT!!!! Shopping from my home and the system they have for drive thru pick up is amazing 👏 🤩 "
"super easy! Love the price!"
"I LOVE NFM!! BEST STUFF AT THE BEST PRICE."
"The ease of the website is great. We have previously ordered from NFM and have had a great experience."
"easy, no problems, quick"
"Great service easy "
"Found the chairs I was looking for at a reasonable price.  Checkout was quick & easy."
"Suuuuuuuuuuuuuuuupppppper"
"There was a wide selection of clocks to choose from. The one I selected was on sale for a bigger discount."
"they had the Items we were wanted and the prices we were looking for and the quality."
"Easy merchandise locating, good price. check out easy. "
"It is so much easier to order online.  My bad knees appreciate not having to go to the store.  I already have one of these chairs and just ordered two more.  Great products.  Great prices."
"Your online purchase system would not accept my  debit card (I can only assume this, since the system only says it didn't go thru- no reason), which is ridiculous. The money is there for you, which may not be the case with a charge card.Also, the system referred me to an agent who had NO WAY of accessing the transaction, or knowing what the problem was. This is in no way offering customer servie"
"Finding what I am looking for is always easy and trouble free."
"I needed to call customer service. The person I spoke with was Jill in. She helped me tremendously.I don't think I could have gotten another person that stayed on the phone with me. And walks me through some of the issues I was having.One star dejected because there's a confusion of the website. The need for starting a new account. The confusion that went with all of that. But 5 stars to Jill.For all the time she took with me and was very sensitive.  She was fantastic with the needs I was having."
"Site was easy to use."
"best price and delivery on the very specific item we wanted"
"So easy to shop online!!! "
"easy and fast much material to select from"
"Easy and smooth selecting the item I was looking all the way to purchasing it."
"I shopped around and I found the best variety and prices at NFM"
"ease to add to card create account and check out"
"I feel like I was able to find what I need a a reasonable price and check out very easily. I do have to say that having the no interest for 24 months is one of the main reasons we go with NFM. Looking forward to having the In-Home delivery. Thank you."
"Always love purchasing with Nebraska furniture mart."
"best price, reasonable delivery date and price"
"Easy Online Experience and Lowest pricing around."
"It is always an easy process to order from NFM.com"
"Applied for coupon code that did not work.  Without reason as to why not."
"Filtering for exactly what I needed was easy to do and helped to narrow down my selections.  Fast, easy online shopping experience.  Thanks!"
"Great deals easy to navigate websit fast!"
"Great store, definitely my favorite to shop for furniture. "
"The process made it easy to place an order and provided all the necessary details."
"The check out process was very easy."
"I found what my wife needed and it was a lovely experience all around."
"Ease of online shopping"
"Web site easy to use."
"Online ordering is so easy and convenient!"
"Ease of use. "
"I've made several purchases from NFM and each one was even easier than the one before.  Whenever I'm in search of furnishings, NFM is the first place I go to for this reason. "
"It was easy to make my selection and purchase online, no hassle. I had already seen what I wanted instore."
"Lots of options, good price and ease of use with the website. "
"Easy to order through the website.  No hassle.  No need to shop anywhere else wasting time looking for something that may or may not be marginally better.That's the way I like it."
"Website is extremely slow! Great products and sales though!"
"Easy and details of delivery were explained. It was quick!"
"Easy Process to order furniture "
"I love NFM, both the store and the web site."
"Easy and your checkout process answered every question!  Awesome site!"
"Being able to browse in the comfort of my home ."
"Ordered this on line and this process was extremely easy!"
"Would have given 5 stars but the order total changed (tax increased) once I placed the submit button.  "
"Deceptive shipping costs.  At no time does the free shipping state a $350 minimum order.  VERY disappointed in having to call the NFM number to learn this."
"Had a great experience"
"website is easy to navigate!!!"
"That I was able to get product on sale and use my debit card as opposed to NFM card as an option. Also, selecting my delivery date and the option to pick it up was a way to save bucks too!"
"Love buying online and getting free delivery. Also the no interest is a big plus. Thank you NFM."
"Not enough reviews, inconsistent product details from one product to the next, lacking information on many products."
"Who wouldn't use NFM online? If you visit the store, check out the website. Love it!!"
"the deals.... what.... crazy"
"Very easy to use the website and submit with my NFM account."
"Good prices and style. Liked that there were multiple pickup/delivery options to choose from for each individual item.  "
"It was easy fast"
"Great selection on what I was looking for "
"Website (ease of use)Reasonable prices"
"I've had nothing but great service with NFM. I enjoy shopping on line."
"delivery cost are too high.Unable to select a pick up option."
"VERY HELPFUL"
"Leonardo Espinoza was great to work with in picking our eliptical."
"I found what I have been looking for and it was not hard to purchase, thankyou"
"Easy purchasing and easy pickup. "
"Quick and easy process"
"Good store have all most everything you need "
"Large selection "
"The screen that asks for you to sign in or continue as a guest was not loading correctly and you had to scroll down below the pop-up and the fields where name and email are to be entered are floating below the window where the username and password are. "
"Very easy to order and very swift shipping"
"Your website needs help. It is very slow every time I am on the site. "
"Many of the products I looked at only had multiple duplicate images of the outside of the cabinets with all doors and drawers closed. I would like to see that changed to include images of all storage space available. Not thrilled with purchasing through website as I had to resubmit info several times, but that's my only option at this time. Otherwise, I was pleased with selection of items to choose from."
"Very Easy to navigate the NFM web page."
"I never could get the system to RECOGNIZE my NFM card to pay my bill for the first 2 in store purchases and now my NFM credit card WITH A ZERO BLANCE would NOT work as a form of payment online even after chatting with an agent and giving them ALL my PII and them telling me they linked my card to my account so I had to use my Mastercard to buy my chair. SHOULD NOT BE THIS HARD TO SPEND MY MONEY!"
"It was very fast and convenient"
"Courteous sales person. Low pressure."
"It was a little confusing at first but I got through it and have my new sofa coming.. yay"
"Was nice to get a good delivery time and free delivery."
"Friendly staff"
"Gina Castillo, was a very helpful salesperson! "
"Pricing  and friendly  staff ."
"when shopping, the filter constantly reverted back to Best Seller, instead of Low price first. ALSO INSTOCK filter should mean now, literally. Not 3 weeks out....algorithm is off or something so that was annoying"
"I didn't like how the shipping charges changed.Advertised on google search as one price and then additonal charges and prices and shiping charges kept tacking on after a discount code was applied."
"Online experience was simple yet detailed"
"Easy to shop online, I had one question and Travis jumped right onto a chat to answer. Great experience. "
"Fast and convenient "
"The overall experience was quick and easy."
"great!!!!!!!!!!"
"Easy to navigate website.  Great prices"
"super quick and simple steps!"
"Thank you, very easy to purchase. "
"Everything was easy-to-use "
"Easy to use website. Had what I wanted and same day shipping. "
"Great selection of products, and was easy to purchase and set pickup date"
"NFM always offers a wide variety of choices within anyone's budget! "
"Everything was easy to use on the website. "
"Easy ordering online."
"Website did not allow me to compare items.  Filter settings are partially forgotten when going back after viewing an individual item.  Other than that, you can't usually beat NFM financing."
"Easy! No Fuss."
"Easy to order and great sale item."
"no comments"
"Always a great experience thank you."
"Gettting to many popups while trying to do order."
"Delivery date moved from March 2nd to March 13th after I submitted initial payment"
"Been shopping for a Rowing Machine for days. I needed warranty info before I was ready to buy.  The on line chat rep got me the info I requested in a flash.  Good job NFM.  "
"Best prices I've found, very helpful staff. Everything you need for your home."
"Easy process to buy and then drive through to pick it up."
"Great and simple "
"Easy and fast "
"Quick and easy - same day delivery - 24 months no interest."
"NFM has an easy to navigate website. Typically all items have enough specifications to know if what I'd like to buy will fit through doors and hallways, and if I need extra man power to lift it. "
"Always find what we are looking for at NFM"
"Ordering options are easy and helpful, however when I try to edit phone number it doesn't save it and then reverts to old number.  Please correct that."
"Always have good luck with products. Only issue ever was with contracted delivery service."
"The NFM website is easy to navigate.  Just take your time to familiarize your self with it "
"👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍👍"
"Always great service and pricing with NFM."
"a lot term and conditions,fees and delivery cost just o leave it at driveway, confusion on nebrfm term and charge of retains of inerest charge holding idk buy here just for the combiniance"
"Buying the freezer was pretty simple.  I just don't like doing business online."
"The variety of items that you have are vast and of great quality and ordering online is a snap Thank you!"
"Website moved slow. I had to process full order twice. Went to process, kicked order back to the very beginning. "
"The ordering and review process was quick and simple.  The prices are competitive with most other appliance retailers as well."
"Confusing at first, but great customer service phone team helped clear up problems and get order submitted"
"No problems here "
"Easy to navigate "
"thank you for your help"
"Easy-to-use!"
"Super easy ordering process "
"I'm a new client. love the quality"
"Easy to navigate"
"Good service"
"It was easy to order and purchase online.  Made shopping for a refrigerator for our garage the best way to shop."
"no issues when making order. all good"
"SalesPrompt delivery"
"Easy to order as long as the piece is available and delivered as ordered "
"Very easy process "
"Delivered and set fast. The men were very nice and helpful. Thank you Jack"
"It was easy!"
"Great shopping experience"
"Constant assistance when in store looking at item. "
"Easy online access easy payment processing"
"Easy, fast and always a great product!"
"Great Price and Product"
"Purchasing online was simple and easy! "
"Great and wonderful "
"Easy to use and I wanted a small freezer to put my newly ordered beef and pork in."
"Ease of having to go back and forth."
"found what i am looking for, called the store and tony answered my questions."
"Easy to use the shop online service. "
"Ordering online was an easy experience."
"NFM is great as always. Love this place. "
"Easy to shop.  Easy to pay."
"I think the website is very user friendly"
"This television not only fit my \"wants\" but was within my price range.  While I would have preferred to (1) have it delivered and (2) installed in my home, the cost of delivery and installation were prohibitive.  Fortunately, can manage getting it into my home and  I have a son that can install it for me."
"Easy to buy online and pick up."
"Ease of website "
"the website is great, as if i have a buddy that knew what i am looking for."
"Everything was fit for just the way I want and need it"
"It was easy and very very simple"
"I purchase most of my furniture at NFM. Quality products at great prices."
"Need more detail about product - allow filtering by size.Good pricing and easy to purchase."
"Have not got it yet "
"Nebraska Furniture has their act together, has helpful sales people and is easy to do business with. "
"great prices"
"Website was easy to navigate. Instructions to order were clear."
"This has to be one of the easiest websites I have ever used"
"was super simple to get things ordered!"
"Good Prices, Free Home Delivery. Easy Website"
"Chat Bot redundant"
"The site is so easy to use.  I searched for vases and immediately found exactly what I was looking for!"
"Easy to find what we needed to make my parents comfortable in their new assisted living home."
"I always enjoy shopping with NFM. And the website allows customers to order with ease! Thanks!"
"This is the first time I have used the on line ordering and it was really easy.  The item I wanted was not at the Kansas City location so I ordered here.   Very easy.  I am looking forward to receiving my sofa sleeper & end table."
"Good morning"
"very easy to find the products i was looking for and order. Loved the specifications and answers to questions from other customers.  Really helped me make my decision when it was time to choose. "
"website could be smoother. "
"I hadnt changed my contact number in my profiile and when i went to check out, even though i edited and changed in the checkout by the time i get to the review it had reverted back.  also, if i need to edit a phone number why do i have to go back each time to verify all the information - just let me change the number and save."
"Easy to find items. Easy to order."
"A little more info on dimensions would be helpful.  There may be a disconnect between actual dimensions and package dimensions."
"If I'm going to go into debt for something I need, you better make it as simple and painless as possible. NFM did just that. Thanks?"
"Bought a TV stand (Sauder) it was junk and broke into pieces. NFM and Sauder would not back up the product and pushed blame on each other. After a week of each company telling me to talk to the other I got nothing but a pile of useless wood for $200."
"The website Was very easy to use. Things were explained very good step by step. Thank you"
"Easy to use! Drive through delivery is a snap."
"Being able to order and pick up same day."
"website is easy to use but can be a little tricky to navigate"
"Lots of options available and discount was a motivator."
"It was easy to find what I was looking for.  Easy to follow steps to order."
"Easy to get through the online process! Much appreciated!"
"The site is easy to use. The details on the table I purchased were not very clear as to whether the addition needed to bring the table height to 36” was included or not. The chat feature was not staffed during my initial experience and was not very convincing as to the question as to what was included. We also had a hard time finding the box sizes for pickup. Overall I enjoy NFM and shopping online, I just am giving feedback I hope is helpful."
"FOUND EXACTLY THE BARND & MODEL i WAS LOOKING FOR AND IT WAS IN STOCK"
"NFM has given me the means to have things I would not normally be able to afford for my family without saving and doing without... They have kept the promise of quality service and I will keep my promise of being a good customer. Thank you NFM"
"Simple process. Great choices"
"Thank you for great service"
"I believe that the experience was ok.  I wish they had an additional online discount through Rakuten, Befrugal, or Honey rather than the 300 gift card.  I will likely use the gift card if it does not have an expiration."
"Paul with customer service was very friendly and professional."
"You could have gotten 5 stars but the information on the product said that delivery date is 3/4/24 or later, but when the deliver page opened, I was able to select an earlier date but that was not the case and message was not clear."
"Wonderful website."
"Ordering was super easy."
"Web site easy to navigate.  Great selection of products.Very pleased.  We are waiting for delivery and installation, so these services are not included with this review."
"Easy to navigate website with appropriate product filters to make locating the perfect item hassle free."
"It took three tries before this went through."
"Best store ever,  we love NFM!"
"The pictures made shopping easy, the website was easy to navigate, but lacked responsiveness when using buttons. Checkout was quick."
"Yes, It is great!"
"Easy, free shipping, good price"
"Website was very useful and helped when I was unsure about specific options. Videos also reassured me I selected the correct delivery option"
"A lot of options; most things in stock; easy to buy and good prices."
"Easy to order... good selection of products and good prices... nice options in terms of pickup or delivery."
"Great stuff easy to use had fun"
"Why was I shown a PRES24 code but it doesnt show up in the price breakdown?Update. Customer service looked right into it and fixed it. Impressed."
"Easy to compare sizes both in box and assembled."
"Always a Pleaser  Great Prices - Great Financing"
"They have any and everything we needed when we wanted it!!!"
"Needed to replace two tvs and this was as easy as can be, thanks NFM"
"Very quick and easy. Will use again!"
"The filtering on electronics leaves a lot to be desired. Every single major website where I buy things, I am able to filter further based on the category of that item. For computers, I expect to be able to filter further based on RAM, CPU, Hard drive space, etc. But NFM.com offers none of that, it's quite surprising. As a result, you have to sort through and look through results or just hope that by typing something into the search, you get only what you want (which NEVER works out). But I still give it 4/5 because the checkout process is so easy (then again, it's easy on all the major websites I buy on). I'd give NFM a 3.5 out of 5 if I could, but you don't deserve a 4 either."
"Easy process.  Great products."
"Great selection of refrigerators, ease of website use for purchasing and of delivery options."
"I have greatly enjoyed my experiences with NFM. They have been so easy to work with and have a pretty wide selection. Will certainly continue to lean on them for my shopping needs."
"Website was easy to navigate and informative."
"trouble free online system.  Liked all of the detailed product dimensions."
"Love all ur quality products and your variety of merchandise offered.And real easy to deal with no issues."
"Ease of website use. And great prices!!!"
"The no interest on appliance purchases made it possible to replace frig and microwave when they both stopped working within 2 months of each other!"
"Not sure if the issue was your website or my internet but it took 1 hour to place an order.After figuring out the problem, I realized my computer was the issue not your website. Your site is easy to navigate and place an order. Thanks"
"Easy ordering. Wish there were more selections, though, but great pricing today."
"Bought two matching love seats about a year ago. Decided to get the sofa so I can nap on it during the day. I have two large dogs and because it is vinyl, it is easy to clean when they get their muddy feet on them. They are also pretty comfortable to sit and lay on."
"Better than walking through the store looking for something... very convenient"
"great variety, ease of ordering. NFM offers best prices"
"Easy online shopping.  Good descriptions and pictures."
"Chatted with agent before i made final decision. Very helpful.2024"
"your chat told me my name was invalid which prevented me from being able to ask my question."
"Could not have had an easier process for a simple online order."
"Easy to order, only thing was the phone number and option to find out if this was assembled with the delivery cost."
"Shopping made easy always great prices and product!"
"Experience was great"
"Easy and pleasant."
"Website is easy to navigate to find what you're looking for."
"Easy to find things that i wanted and availble in stock"
"Item was on web site, no interest for six months"
"You are out of stock on both items i ordered."
"It's always an easy experience whether I'm shopping online or in store. The last time I had something delivered, our delivery guys were careful, efficient and very friendly."
"Fantastic price. Web site worked without problems. Easy pickup."
"Very easy, great deals"
"Locating and ordering item was extremely easy."
"Website is very easy to use. Also when going to the store, QR code definitely help find the product faster!"
"I like the ease of looking up a microwave, that I was interested in and being able to find the width, depth and height diminutions for a proper fit."
"Good shop. Definitely recommend!"
"everything"
"Easy to find what I needed and easy to understand order details, delivery details, interest details"
"NFM has always been great at getting my questions answered and my products to me at the earliest possible."
"Great Prices, get customer service. Love this place!"
"Still dont know what is monthly payment for the option selected - 24 months interest free"
"I had to call customer service because I the online credit application wouldn't work.  There was no wait time and they were extremely helpful."
"Easy of shopping online, discounts on price, and quality of furniture."
"Website was easy to navigate and order the items we needed"
"It was straightforward and quick with clear instructions."
"Smooth ordering process with all items in stock."
"Easy peezy!"
"website was very easy to understand and to purchase my product. Thank you"
"Easy instructions-Ordering a breeze!! Great price and free delivery!"
"Its always a pleasant shipping and transaction with NFB site. Easy payment options always. Thanks."
"amazing store and customer service people to"
"Got what I wanted and when I wanted to get it..."
"great tool online, all experience is fast"
"Great sale.  Easy transaction."
"It was easy to find what I needed and add it to my account"
"The website is very user friendly and easy to navigate."
"Easy online service"
"it was nice to be able to sit and read all the reviews and look at all the pictures."
"Easy check out and when I had a question about pick up time on my order I was very pleased to be able to speak with a human and not a computer along with getting the answer I needed. :)"
"Online order was kind of a pain in the butt to pay as a guest"
"Item in stock."
"great price! great online experience! oh did I mention PRICE!!!!!"
"awesome help"
"Very satisfied with the ease of placing an order online..Thanks NFM!"
"Enjoy the huge selection of furniture and electronics and ease of ordering.  Free delivery is a major plus."
"Anytime I have bought items from NFM the products were great. I've bought a TV, couch, mattress and many other items."
"The updating of your account requiring 4 security questions or you can't checkout is tedious and unappealing. I finally checked out as a guest to avoid the excess answers and divulging of private information."
"NFM has the best prices on quality merchandise.  We have bought furniture for our office, living room and bedroom in the past and we have been very pleased.  Also, you cannot beat FREE delivery!"
"Finding the merchandise and adding it to the cart was easy. Merchandise stayed in the cart even though browser was closed several different times while I was deciding to \"pull the trigger\". Checkout was simple enough."
"Thank you for making it quick and easy to make my purchase! And you definitely had the lowest price!"
"Travis Burton in the Colony Texas location assisted us with the purchase of this mattress. He is wonderful and extremely knowledgeable!  Great customer service!"
"Website is simple to navigate and easy to order."
"Super Great Company Not my first rodeo with this CO."
"We always have a great experience at NFM!"
"Had issues with website had to go back and correct.  Kept adding product to order.  Only needed 1 chair."
"Like most things here, plan on getting dinette set"
"NFM makes it very easy to buy"
"I am 63 years old and it was an easy process. I really appreciate the ease of ordering."
"Easily order your product. Reliable webpage."
"good selection, discounts and financing!"
"EVERYTIME, I TRIED TO RETURN TO THE PREVIOUS SCREEN FOR VIEW, IT WOULD NOT REFRESH AND RETURN. I HAD TO START OVER MY SEARCH SEVERAL TIMES. PRETTY ANNOYING"
"Just an easy process."
"Easy terms and instructions"
"Best price on sought-after item, with free shipping."
"The app had difficulty adding my name and address"
"Quick and easy to find just what we wanted!"
"It was good and great"
"It's just too easy to make a purchase and pick up locally!"
"No issues at all."
"The order app was a little confusing to navigate.   I made it thru."
"Website is easy. Biggest critique is that the search filters don't include many of the things I'd like to filter on. Especially when you are in a specific category."
"Great online information on appliance. Lavish selection. Good prices. Easy to order and arrange everything on line. I love NFM."
"This was a seamless and swift transaction. There no glitches with the system and the interface was user-friendly. The best part was the great price for the item and the cost of delivery was phenomenal"
"Loved it very much.  Love y'all 😍"
"Very easy to do"
"Everything was so simple! :)"
"All good!   Thank you!"
"I have never had a bad experience shopping in store, ordering online, delivery or store pick up. It all goes very smoothly. Drive thru pick-up has always been so quick and easy!"
"Good checkout program.  It is exta to get the next day delivery, but the date is the same as regular delivery?  Will call to see if can be fixed.  Need by tomorrow."
"Website is slow, parts to be added to appliances not very clear."
"⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️excellent!!"
"Easy to order, and free delivery is a plus."
"I found exactly what I was looking for and the purchasing process was quick and easy."
"great products for a great price and very easy shopping"
"The financing was split between the three items with two bundled together and the other separate meaning I couldn't get the 24 interest free month financing on the entire purchase.  I don't really have a problem with it if there is a reason for it, but there's no indication when checking out as to why they were separated, so I ended up with one 12 month and one 6 month because they were not bundled."
"n Nov '23 I had a great experience with NFM, the sales people were not pressuring and stopped by every so often just to see if I had questions or needed help as I spent literally 2.5 hrs trying out chairs!  Waited until my bonus arrived Feb '24 so I could purchase the chair I fell for, I was blessed that it was also on sale; which meant I could purchase the insurance to protect my new chair from my fur-kids, even though it will have a blanket on it...LOL!  It was so comfy in store, I can't wait until it arrives!!! Thank you NFM!"
"easy online order and easy checkout with great delivery options"
"Nebraska Furniture Mart put other furniture stores to shame. Not only do they offer great prices, their delivery services are excellent. Payment options too are straighforward and easy to track - I got all the items for our foyer flooring from there and was able to pay with my credit card."
"ease of ordering"
"The fact that this store is one stop shopping!"
"Im reluctant to give a rating since the transaction has not been completed."
"Same Day Delivery...."
"will review after receive product20"
"Store has good stuff"
"Easy to use website. Has all the information I need on the page of the item I purchased."
"It is very easy to order online."
"I both applied for credit and then made a purchase. Both goals were surprisingly simple and quick to accomplish. Finding what I wanted was quick and aside from the obligatory protection plan there was no  in-your-face upselling."
"Easy to use and great sale"
"the Website is very easy to understand and enjoy the freedom to look and read reviews."
"was able to find this freezer on the show floor and make the decision quickly."
"Easy to shop online and find what I need and can pick up same day!"
"Couldn't successfully order by web outside of business hours, but otherwise good.  Docking 1 star for that."
"The only problem I experienced was the coupon code and when I tried to enter it for my recliner it said it didn’t apply to the item. Also I am a rewards member but I don’t see that it gave me the $10 off."
"Highly recommended. Great prices!"
"It was easy to navigate the website and get pricing"
"The website is easy to navigate and search."
"I love the quality of the products that are offered. I love the ease of shopping, shipping and delivery. Every item I've purchased has stood the test."
"Very easy to order - almost TOO easy!  LOL"
"Simple! Love it."
"Quick and easy to reorder Water and Air Filters!"
"I love the payment options. You ship all over the state. It's fast and you guys have pretty good deals."
"Actually should be 5 stars, but 4 stars are the new 5. 5 stars reviews are not trusted anymore, this is our 2nd item we get through NFM, credit card customer service lady was so kind and helpful. best prices, best financing, best products"
"I needed it today. Ordered it online. Thanks"
"Step by step instructions to order went very smooth."
"I have always found NFM to be easy to order, pickup and resolve any issues with them. Great retail outlet."
"Great options, great product offering."
"great buying ability"
"Easy to find what I was looking for. Checkout was very easy."
"Had to switch browsers.  Your web site would not accept zip code 76009 for delivery when using Microsoft Edge.   Chrome worked."
"Very easy to navigate and helpful information along the way is a bonus. I would feel more comfortable and accurate regarding the review after the pick-up process in 2 days though. So further review is pending.Update 2-12-24: Received a reminder about my upcoming pick-up. Replied with an approximate time I would be arriving. The whole process could not have gone any smoother. After arriving at the pick-up warehouse, I communicated with a rep via speaker and gave my order number. There were several cars ahead of me in the pick-up lanes, but I waited maybe 5 minutes and a worker brought out my purchase and loaded it in my car. I signed their invoice and drove away. Nice and simple, efficient. Very impressed."
"very good and nice looking. thank you for your service"
"Good nice. Very nice"
"As always, it's easy to find what I like and check out is an absolute breeze!"
"Very good support and website design. Recommend a lot."
"Good experience!"
"my rating was a 5 until i was forced to complete this comment form."
"Did not have the tool box I was actually looking for."
"the order was easy to make"
"Easy online ordering process."
"We've enjoyed our experience. The only reason it's not 5 stars is due to the fridge being out of stock for 3 months."
"It was very easy!"
"Pick guys  at warehouse really do there job well."
"I found what I need for a gift, in town. Just as long as, it fits a KitchenAid 5qt lift stand mixer. Update: It fit perfectly for my daughter's KitchenAid. Thanks,"
"Easy and great financing.  I buy everything at NFM."
"The ease of the online ordering process, and the pricing was great!!"
"Need to be more informative when product says out of stock a bit confusing. When something comes in a variety of colors we should be able to click on the color without having to actually see all the information just want to see the colors not all the specifications it would help if you had a \"quick view\" option. Your website is extremely slow it lags and lags."
"Simple, like myself."
"Easy, smooth online checkout experience."
"Easy online ordering and one stop shopping to see all the products I was looking at."
"Site had all the information I needed making purchase and arranging delivery a breeze."
"I placed online order and they made really easy to do"
"Good Technical Specs in your product descriptions, very helpful in making product selections.  Would be 5 stars if your shipping system could properly handle a 5-line address for a college dorm :) .  Example:Student NameCollege NameDorm Hall Name Room ###Street AddressCity State Zip"
"Easy to look up what I wanted to purchase and then be able to pick up on the same day!"
"Great customer service in getting my card sorted."
"You had what I wanted and you'd deliver it assembled.  Ashley furniture would not assemble.  I told them I would not shop with them anymore."
"So easy to place my order!! And a better price than other stores."
"Website is easy to navigate and checkout is simple with my existsing NFM account and card."
"Ease of using the site to find the product I want to purchase.  Selecting the delivery date and everything else was easy to use."
"kjkkkjkjkjkkiuiui[oiouiuu"
"Easy to order and apply for credit. Love the 24 month no interest offer!"
"Love NFM!! Has everything a home needs!!"
"easy and understanding what your looking for"
"Very helpful and easy to order."
"The process of buying on line is confusing at NFM.  Or at least trying to figure of whether or not it can be picked up at the warehouse or be shipped.  This is twice I have bought something and had to use the chat feature of figure out what the shipping/pickup process is.  You should fix this"
"i purchased 2 malouf pillows that happened to be the wrong size and i only knew because i took them out of the box. and then i was told i was not able to exchange for the correct size. and here i am STUCK with them AND HAVING TO REPURCHASE TWO MORE!!!"
"easy purchase"
"Easy step by step process to order and be able to select financing options."
"VERY EASY TO ORDER....EXCELLENT EXPIENCE BURCHASE....."
"I did a lot of research for my new appliance package prior to purchase.  Nebraska Furniture had the lowest prices for the appliances I wanted"
"easy to navigate website"
"Previously bought table and chairs from another store- had to return due to in stock issues. This store had same table/ chairs for half the price and had them in stock! Love NFM!"
"Sales person was very friendly and helpful!"
"I’m just trying to exchange a laptop I got yesterday for one that is less expensive and I had to pay 124 buck to have it shipped a month from now Bs"
"Easy purchase! Thank you."
"Very easy.."
"Great purchase experience at Nebraska furniture Mart."
"Always great prices."
"Great website and very helpful on online agents."
"My first NFM online order and everything went well. Will  definitely do this again. Smooth sailing. Thank you NFM"
"I was helped from the moment I walked into the store"
"would like more options to pay online like paypal"
"Easy to order on-line and arrange pickup."
"APPRECIATE KNOWLEDGE"
"Good - Was able to order online and apply coupon. The process was smooth.Bad - I was not able to add my previous purchases to my account."
"great service in store, product at fair price. Easy checkout online."
"ordered online as a guest as attempted to change password on my account multiple times with no success as never received email back to reset password."
"It's just so easy to order online and have it delivered I appreciate that. I appreciate shipping is free."
"easy to buy same day pickup 24 month interest free"
"The dining chairs we ordered were listed at a quantity of four for $1k. When the chairs were placed in the cart it said we would receive two for that price. Please be certain to price things correctly."
"Have been shopping at NFM for over 50 years. Always a good experience and great pricing"
"Ordered online with 24 month interest free"
"Love NFM.  I buy all of my furniture, electronics and appliances from here:)"
"How easy it was to place a order"
"After i purchased the product the price was reducef by $ 500 in less than 12 hours,  requested new price so need to hold my opinion till the new price is honored"
"It was very easy to place this order"
"The appliances I viewed on the website lacked images and videos of the products. I feel that the Home Depot website does a better job of showing you as much information as possible about the product. I had to rely on other company websites to make a decision about my purchase, because of this, I could have made a decision to buy from another retailer, however, since I already have financing with NFM, it made the most sense to purchase from NFM."
"Easy to use- love financing. On sale"
"We love the store and new website, seamless"
"I love NFM!thanku"
"Everyone in the store is always so helpful."
"Easy to order online and fast free shipping!"
"Prior to purchase I needed to verify if there was issue with laying the freezer on its back for transport.  Appliance Customer Service made call to the dock area to make sure this was allowed.  Within minutes I had my answer and additional information of allowing the freezer ample time upright prior to plugging the unit in.  I knew this information but appreciated the communication he provided.  Good Job NFM!"
"Quick, easy, convenient."
"Ease of selection and layout of web page."
"I shop online because I was severely injured in a car accident so it's easier I'm able to navigate through the online website with no problems Sometimes when I'm trying to find a particular item the search is long"
"I love shopping at NFM the merchandise is great as is the customer support"
"I was trying to chat with an agent but waited over 30 minutes before giving up."
"The online order process is very clear and easy to maneuver."
"easy to navigate website, left site, came back andmy favorites were still marked and I was not logged inunder my account."
"Great shopping place. They have everything you need for your home."
"Easy process and clear messaging on the process."
"Ease of use and clear description, smooth sailing thru the selection of products and purchasing process.You guy's Rock!"
"I absolutely love NFM! I have always gotten great deals on appliances as well as furniture.  I will continue to shop as long as I can"
"so quick and easy. able to pick up appliance same day."
"We love NFM! The products are always great and the service is unbeatable."
"love nfm store and website"
"Having a Nebraska account makes purchasing so seamless and easy. I shop NFM first for all my home needs."
"Great experience. Great customer service. No explanation on out of stock or estimated dates."
"I LOVE NFM! They have most of what I need, fast shipping and excellent customer service."
"price! price!"
"The ease of the website"
"So quick and easy. Ordered from my couch and will receive within two days."
"NFM always the best! Been buying here since store opened."
"Once I found the proper order numbers, it was very easy to process my refrigerator water and air filters to purchase online."
"Site is easy to use, items are well pictured with all the information you need."
"Very fast and easy purchase delivery option"
"It would not let me change the phone number for when product is delivered I'd change it and it would revert back to original number."
"Always love ordering from you all. Its such an easy process and the products are great. Your customer service is responsive and helpful. I will always buy my furniture from here."
"Each time that I order any items, the process is very easy and the merchandise is always of good quality."
"I enjoyed the vast variety of merchandise avaliable in the store. The sales staff was friendly and offered assistance when needed."
"Always best prices, great payments, fast delivery, fantastic staff."
"Everyone has always been very friendly and helpful."
"simple online process"
"The only place to shop for furniture is at NFM."
"Na........"
"ease of shopping"
"Ease of finding what would work for me in the room I'm shopping for."
"Love this place"
"Ease of purchase"
"it was quick"
"I have visited NFM numerous times in the past 5 weeks as I purchased a new home.  I found the best process for me is to show / wander / browse at the store - take pictures and then shop online at home with NFM.  The sales people are wonderful and they ask all the right questions - I am just not wired that way.  So I would rather shop quietly at home.  Delivery coming in a few days!  Can't wait!"
"There is an option to only look at what is in stock and to drive up and pick up."
"Website was simple for me to use and find what I was looking for"
"Quick and easy. Search function took us to exactly what we were after."
"Drive thru service"
"Quick and easy on line shopping and speedy delivery"
"seemless purchase"
"Easy to use."
"Product options"
"was easy to process"
"ease of filling out required information. quick and easy"
"The price. That's it so far."
"Easy to find what I wanted and easy checkout."
"NFM makes it so easy to purchase and pickup or have delivered."
"I bought this iBUYPOWER Gaming PC in April 2022.The sales REP was extremely nice and thoughtful. Did not judge me on my low budget for a gaming PC, but instead said he could help me. Thats what I love about my NFM. Great service and great products at a fair price. Thanks NFM"
"Website easy to use. Ordered a new washer/dryer set."
"Easy and great options"
"Found what I wanted , quick and easy , thank you."
"Love NFM buy all our furniture and appliance from them."
"Super easy and seamless!"
"Great experience! Easy to shop and order.  Lots of details provided to make selection easier."
"The checkout process was insisting I add a whole page of extra items in order to get NFM to install the dryer. However, even if I added all the parts (many of them repeats) it would not allow for me to request an install. The page just claimed all the parts where necessary even when there were \"parts\" that were actually packages including the other parts also listed. Very strange and confusing. No combination of these parts, regardless of if they made any sense, allowed for me to request an install. We'll do it ourselves."
"Ease of ordering .  Also the upfront letting me know about freight cost.  I just canceled my order for the same thing with a different on line store because they enticed with free shipping and then tried to bill me several days later for shipping."
"So easy as usual!  Thanks"
"Found the product I needed and ordering it is easy."
"Super easy to use NFM's website.  Coupon that I earned was automatically applied.  2 products that we really wanted were available and product should be shipped to my door in 2 business days.  So convenient!  Lovin it."
"Best Furniture Store in the world. Prices unbeatable, High quality products"
"Easy to locate and compare items, make my selection including consulting via chat and speaking with a sales rep, and make the purchase online with my NFM account."
"Checkout was pretty simple and I got free shipping. Thats a plus for me"
"cheaper than anyone around"
"Easy to find item I wanted. Love the free in-home delivery!"
"Only took me a few minutes and there was a sales coupon automatically applied, so savings was more than anticipated."
"the ordering experience was a breeze. Appreciate you pulling up my existing information automatically without me having to enter anything. Hopefully the delivery and installation is as hassle free as well!!"
"Easy ordering process reasonably priced item and shipping costs"
"Easy to find exactly what I was looking for!"
"The actual product I was looking for was there. And prices are pretty good."
"I bought a leather sofa and chair and it is amazing , so happy I found it here ‘"
"NFM always has a great selection of the latest items and their price is the lowest every time I shop around."
"I don't do reviews for free."
"Great costumer support for both returning my current couch and buying a new couch."
"easy process and fabulous price value. will pick up today, Can't find how to schedule time or where to goto for pick up"
"I'd like to see more reviews and better ways to compare items."
"Site is easy to navigate. Wish there was a way to compare items side by side."
"Fast ad eay experience variety of brands to choose from"
"nfm is a difficult online ordering process"
"great experience with on line ordering, very convienant"
"Website is so easy to use. Same day delivery option was also extremely helpful. Pricing was very competitive."
"Easy to use.  However, I think it would be easier if the old tv take away ($40) was shown earlier instead of at checkout."
"easy online buying"
"I could not successfully add the $40 service fee to haul away my old electric range."
"Fast, quick and easy. Thank you NFM!"
"I FIND IT VERY EASY TO ORDER ON-LINE WITH NFM"
"Better prices than buying directly from the manufacturer. Thank you."
"Cheaper than the competition, easy to order online, and free delivery."
"Great company, well managed. Very easy to use website, very customer friendly. Been doing business with this company for 30 years they do not disappoint."
"Very easy steps to follow and be done.  My motto, be bright, be brief and be gone.  It passed the test."
"Checkout was simple enough, as was using the new card, but constantly having to refresh to secure address changes was a bit furstrating."
"The online site was easy to use, customer service was helpful when I had questions, the only thing that was kind of irritating are the items that are not just out of stock, but no longer available.  Those items should be removed, or at least hidden from the shopping experience.  It's not that big of a deal, just. A little irritating, I got over it pretty easy.  Great store, NFM.  I've came here for years!!"
"Price and customer service"
"Nothing to add"
"Easy to navigate website and order what I wanted."
"Simple with great options for pickup/delivery"
"Easy to locate items. Convenient order process. Not sure if I was eligible for the first time discount or not.Hoping the product is as good quality as it looks online."
"Your site says delivery is free on the first checkout window, but at the end of the process says that delivery is $49.99."
"We visited the store Sunday. The first gentleman we talked to was very honest with us about the quality of some of the brands of sofas. It was very helpful in making our decision to purchase a set."
"Wish you had more games."
"Fast and easy!"
"I love the ease of ordering online.  Also, I have ordered before and been pleased with the quality of the furniture."
"Great customer service. Good communication."
"NFM has the best prices on most products, including Apple.  Easy, fast and secure online checkout"
"Easy to purchase"
"Easy to shop online and the option for same day delivery is also great."
"Always have a great time ordering wth NFM"
"Very easy to purchase, thank you NFM."
"Never thought I would find a furniture store that would replicate the experience of shopping in store which I personally enjoy, online. The webiste is so easy to navigate, excellent product photography making my new sofa purchase even more worth it. Catch me buying more furniture just to enjoy that experience again!"
"Ease of navigating website. Competitive pricing and free shipping. As a senior citizen this is very important."
"Na.........."
"This was so much easier than in store as didn’t get much help from sales associate."
"Was good experience"
"easy to purchase just wish there was a location closer :)"
"Online shopping experience was quick and easy"
"Easy to navigate and NFM covers all the basis during the shopping to check out experience."
"Great experience!"
"Easy to make a purchase ! Thank NFM"
"Best price for a small tv for my kitchen."
"I love that at NFM , I don't have to choose quality or quantity. NFM does not compromise. You get quality and quantity 👌 💯 Professional services and unique quality products!"
"Good pricing and delivery schedule"
"Online ordering was easy and the site saved all my information which made it even easier! Thank you!"
"easily found the item I needed; found it at a good price and it's available ... all good stuff!"
"Because our previously purchased dining chairs from NFM conveniently had a sticker on bottom side of seat, when we needed to purchase more chairs it was very easy to locate the SKU number of chairs we owned and input that SKU number into the search bar on NFM.com website.  This immediately retrieved info about the chairs which were still being sold, and made ordering of a few more chairs super easy. Thanks NFM!"
"Price, shipping costs and years of doing business with NFM."
"Easy process."
"Great and pretty easy ordering, cheating with live agent was easy 2."
"Great mirror, easy website to navigate."
"Super easy to order and get it the same day"
"Was not allowed any opportunity to use a discount code in the check out process.  Otherwise, this was a straightforward process to find the product, order and arrange delivery. Check out process also included required additional items required for delivery/installation; however, install wasn't an option, so not sure why it was 'required' that we order parts needed for installing."
"Easy online ordering."
"Very easy to use and the customer service was great."
"Ordering on-line with same day pick up was much easier than I expected. As always, it is easy to see more and want more. The on-line experience saved me from the in store temptation. "
"Online ordering process worked fine.  Item was in stock."
"Easy to order and free pick-up for those that live near the facility."
"I always enjoy shopping right from my home and delivered straight to my door."
"Always have what I need at the right price and in stock!  Website is amazing.  You guys are awesome!"
"Great place to shop. Warren Buffett needs to call me."
"Prior experience and service has always been good timely and convenient."
"Customer service person on the online chat was very helpful."
"I was able to find what I was looking for with descriptive measurements to determine if this would work for us."
"So easy to use, great deals"
"Easy transaction, good delivery timetable."
"Getting the information that I needed during the chat helped me make my decision, but the only draw back was the AI conversation."
"It is quick and easy..."
"We had a problem using a $300 NFM reward card. Customer service was very responsive via the online chat feature. They resolve the problem quickly. Thank you!"
"Online ordering was quick and easy"
"So easy to order and get ready for pick up"
"Ordering online is so easy. It walks through step by step. "
"Item described well, and we were able to see it on display.  Online ordering went fine, with easy to follow instructions."
"I think it would be better explained in the online ordering system about which parts are required vs you need to pick 1 of 4 options or none of the options. The system makes it seem like all are required when that is not the case. Being clearer on the appliance haul away would also be useful."
"Love the prices, but REALLY confused why ya'll couldn't directly ship to California?!?!? Saw the reply and...still don't agree. California must have their own set of rules?!?!"
"online ordering is always quick and easy."
"You are asking me to rate my experience and the true experience will not conclude until tomorrow when I try to pick up the material."
"Found exactly what I was looking for with my search terms and was able to get the item delivered to another address easily"
"Great easy experience 10/10"
"Easy to find what I want, and great product information, and the video showing what the printer can do."
"Site was very easy to navigate, had tons of helpful information and the shopping cart options were fantastic!  Being able to unbundle the order and have the washer and dryer delivered on separate dates was a huge plus!  Thank you!"
"It was quick and easy. The search function worked will."
"The online order features are user friendly and customer focused."
"Always easy and fast. Great selection"
"Easy transaction"
"website is ez to navigate to find what i wanted"
"good price. free delivery"
"easy to view online"
"eazy to navigate"
"I am very appreciative of how well NFM is to work with."
"Quickly reviewed and purchased with quick shipping, financing and confirmation in just a few minutes."
"I initially had trouble applying a gift card I received for a prior purchase but it was resolved with a phone call."
"Easy to navigate through"
"Nebraska furniture had what I wanted and it was instock"
"Easy to find, easy to buy. Great products!."
"This is a great place to shop"
"Easy to order online a select \"drive thru pick-up\""
"I recently purchased a cooking stove from NFM for my wife and she absolutely loves it, I'm also thrilled with its performance. The stove's build quality is exceptional, showcasing durability and attention to detail. Its precise temperature control makes cooking a breeze, ensuring consistent and delicious results. The sleek design adds a modern touch to my kitchen, and the customer service from NFM was outstanding. I highly recommend their cooking stoves for anyone looking for a reliable and high-quality appliance."
"Easy to order. Free shipping to my door a plus"
"This company need honest better customer service that are ready to make their customers happy about their shopping experience at the store not try to punish customers at their discretion should anything goes wrong with the orders or purchased items and also keep promises rather than showing I don't care attitude personally I feel very bad about this store that I will recommend people to try other stores since they are not the only store around that carries all these home furnishing needs more so lots of their items are overrated"
"love the many options for area rugs and low price"
"Easy to navigate, clear concise menus and great pre-emptive notices through checkout!"
"The NFM website is very easy to navigate and ordering online is a breeze."
"Easy process!"
"online ordering experience was very easy to use"
"Website is very easy to navigate."
"Good prices"
"Super straightforward and easy! Thanks NFM!"
"Very easy to search for items and then make purchase."
"Did everything online, called with a few questions, they answered all questions and were very helpful"
"Easy to use and navigate very user friendly."
"The prices are great, fast shipping!"
"The website makes it fast and easy to choose what I want and when I want it delivered or when I would like to pick up."
"Easy to order and great for in home delivery"
"Nothing easier than shopping online at NFM!"
"Website search function is not easy to use.  The checkout process kept giving me an error but just told me to go back and update my cart and didn't tell me what needed to be done.  It forced me to unbundle things and now i have to pick up a piece and have the other two delivered. Makes no sense as they all said in stock and ready for pick up or delivery."
"Every time I have worked with NFM things have been outstanding."
"Easy website to use to order"
"Easy to navigate and purchase appliances with installation"
"Great website.. easy to follow.  Been looking at this item for 6 months and it finally came in stock.  Ordered... paid... and free delivery.  Nice."
"Great Experience! Thank you for making it easy!"
"Review of products and overall experience was quick and easy."
"I wanted to add furniture protection to my order online, and didn't have an option.  I tried to chat, but took quite a while.  Also - the product dimensions were not included on the website which is pretty silly.  Found it on your competitors......"
"Easy process to find product and purchase on line."
"Found exactly what we wanted at a great price. We'll pick it up today!"
"Easy website, thoughtful selections, great terms"
"Simple.  Variety of products to choose from."
"Easy to mange the website and good price on junk I really don't need but want."
"The steps to order were easy to understand.   This makes shopping experience more pleasant."
"Easy to order online and pick up at my convenience."
"Shopping experience on website is good, really appreciate being able to shop for pairs of washer/dryers vs. individually.  Website is a little slow, but otherwise great."
"very easy, good price"
"12345678910"
"Ordered online for my recliner and headboard."
"Your website is so easy to navigate and financing is great!"
"I posted a review on Nebraska Furniture Mart and their failure to respond to my complaint regarding a Samsung TV they sold me that was defective and would not work within two weeks of my purchase. NFM responded to my post and asked me to go to their web site and send them my contact information, since they sold and delivered this defective TV, they know exactly who I am and could contact me anytime they wish, Their response to my complaint was simply to make readers think they were working to resolve the issue when in reality they could care less that I have paid them over $1200 and have no TV. They have the money and that is all they seem to care about, the customer is only a nuisance and they can stall and make him go away. I hope other customers fair better than I  ........"
"Ease of ordering and availability of product"
"The ability to sort washing machines by type and reviews really helped the decision making process"
"i always buy my furniture here. the 24 months 0 interest is the best"
"I don't like that I can't get my military discount online."
"Wide range of quality products, easy checkout, clear options."
"Love the 0 interest financing. Although I plan to drive through pickup my order, also love the free shipping! What’s not to love!?"
"User friendly website"
"Exactly what we wanted at a reasonable price"
"Easy to Navigate using product features or descriptions. Account information secure, disclosures easy to understand and repayment option offered was impressive on such a small purchase.  Thank you"
"Quick, easy and convenient."
"I purchase a washing machine and get it in and it's got issue. It was not spinning correctly and then when I finally got the load done.  My dryer quit lol so now I have to make my Husband take back the new washing machine and buy new pair.  The reason for the 3 stars is I feel it should ship free and pick up old new washing machine.  thanks"
"Sherry really likes the matching sofa and Fawn chairs.  So we decided to order this.Thanks.Jonathan V Bethard"
"Great! Awesome!"
"ease of ordering online"
"Easy to navigate. Easy to make my purchases. Easy to get the financing."
"Nothing was presented about possibly hauling off the old furniture. We will need to get rid of a couch somehow, even if we need to pay."
"I typed in what I was looking for and immediately was presented with exactly what I wanted.  Checkout was simple."
"Let see what happens. New customer, so really to early to comment."
"Love NFM Honest pricing. Great service."
"easy online ordering. information clear and concise. Good pricing"
"The site is a little slow when changing between different windows but everything is easy to find."
"easy transaction online"
"easy peasy, always great options! always reccomend to my family and friends"
"simple and cheep!!! love it!"
"It's fast and easy and I don't have to go anywhere"
"ease of ordering. Website is user friendly"
"Easy to shop and same price shipped or picked up along with fast estimated delivery time."
"Easy accessing past history to get a matching dresser for my bed set"
"VERY GOOD AND FAST SERVICE  WILL BUY THERE AGAIN AND TELL OTHER PEOPLD ABOUT IT"
"NFM is the OG"
"easy to navigate through the website and place my order"
"Easy checkout process - NFM card on file in account makes checkout fast and convenient"
"PC ordering is easy"
"The website is easy to use. There are many options available for pick up or to have your purchase delivered. It was quick and simple. That’s why I always shop at The Mart!"
"Easy steps to follow for you to make your purchase."
"The items are well organized on the site. The dimensions of the furniture is easy to find."
"Quickly found what I wanted online. Easy checkout."
"Online shopping is so convenient and it also lets you pick the no interest payment plan that works for you"
"Don't offer install of washing machine. On things you do offer install on, the pricing does not show up until checkout."
"You offered Free Shipping to my House. When I checked I was told \"that a one or more pieces to my order will not be available.\" But you guys will have the Full couch delivered to the Store. Don't offer a service if you don't plan on honoring the service. I only live 10mins away from the store."
"Would have liked to know how far the recliner will go back and what weight limits are"
"When it gets here and is tested I will leave review."
"Able to filter results to find a great bargain."
"Good selection of products, fast and easy shopping and check out."
"Easy process. Enjoy everything with NFM."
"I was able to review products on line and order quickly."
"System kept locking up when trying to add pick up date.  Had to leave and come back several times."
"Easy to navigate and find information on the product."
"Fast and easy to do and find info on item."
"Fasy & Easy! Simply perfect!"
"Easy shopping online and finding what I liked."
"Fantastic price on an LG monitor. Had to purchase another one for my computer."
"good job helping me"
"Fast, easy and affordable!"
"Customer service is always amazing and helpful ...no matter if I'm purchasing online or in the store.  Thanks again."
"Very detailed info on products that helps make a great shopping experience."
"Super easy.  User friendly."
"prices, images and measurements"
"Easy find, great website!"
"Website was very easy to use also was very quick and straightforward"
"Very easy for me since I have no transportation and am a senior also."
"Website easy to navigate.  Lots of options.  Appreciate the interest free options to pay over 24 mos!"
"Hoping it shows up tonight since I paid the extra $ to have it delivered today.Will change review if it does."
"Easy, reviews are helpful, comparison easy"
"easy to review and find what I wanted."
"Great deals, selection and service"
"I have loved the products I've purchased and the customer service folks are always friendly."
"Easy and I loved the price."
"Finding and filling out the application was easy, the directions were easy to follow. Thank you"
"They make it easy."
"With such a large selection to choose from, when you see the item you really want it sticks out from evrything else and you know this is the one!"
"NFM is a top-notch company that is formed aroung customer service and availabilty.I have never been dissatisfied or disappointed with any purchase or product."
"Everything was very easy to order on-line!"
"Great Sale and easy website to navigate through!"
"easy online shopping"
"It was very easy to order this product"
"I don't want to write a review it's just forcing me to"
"The service part where it gave me the options for bedding haul was a little confusing because there were two options I didn't really know which one to pick for the recycling."
"It went well"
"Eric was great. Very helpful.  There was no place to check for appliance removal online so I had to call. Fixed me right up."
"Very easy and straightforward questions simplifying the purchase of the product needed."
"Website was easy to navigate. Found what I needed and check out was simple."
"Overall experience with Kara was fantastic."
"Was easy to order"
"I went to store to try out the recliners, then went home and placed my order on line a few weeks later! Was a very easy process!"
"Easy to find needed product, easy to purchase and no goofy pages to navigate to get ordered. Nice experience in total."
"I was having trouble trying to check out at first. I got error message “There was an error in delivery service, please try again later. If you have questions or would like additional help, call 1-800-336-9136.” I tried again after a few hours and was finally able to check out and order my baby’s new crib."
"Excellent customer service and delivery operations."
"Ease of shopping online and getting all pertinent information on each item.  Website is easy to maneuver through."
"Easy online shopping made my search very enjoyable.  I recommend NFM"
"Sales rep, Ryan, ext 28553 was professional and very helpful."
"Easy to purchase and get what you want.  Delivery is always well done and the products come in great shape"
"Easy and all information presented leaving no questions or concerns."
"Looked at other vendors; shopped NFL because of  excellent prices and service"
"Quick and easyThank you"
"Selection good, all the complicated finance stuff bad.  I'm buying a space heater not spending 10 grand on appliances."
"Easy to navigate products and payment screens."
"I needed a dishwasher next day.  All the local hardware stores told me they didn't have any available and i would need to wait.  My wife said she's not going to be happy till she has a working dish washer.  Happy Wife = Happy Life.  Your store told me they had it in stock and I could pick it up next day.  You win.  Thanks for saving my marriage."
"Great service and prices"
"Easy to use but timed out twice and I had to resubmit order."
"Very easy and convenient and fast. Thank you so much for that."
"there was a lot of product to choose from"
"Great selection"
"I love being able to order online and go pick it up!"
"Poor ability to edit the order until the very end."
"Easy to purchase and schedule delivery/installation."
"The on-line ordering was very easy to use."
"Associates were helpful when we called and the online purchasing process was very smooth. We had a very good experience."
"stuff is out of stock"
"Ordering online and setting everything up is always so easy!!"
"I ordered 2 items but couldn't pick a single pick up date for  both items. overall a reasonable experience."
"Good price and selection"
"The cart wasn't taking my billing address that was different than the NFM gift card. We felt the collection seems a bit outdated and didn't find any good L shaped sectionals, limited tv stand collection."
"Great deal!  Can't pass this up!"
"Easy to order online with no areas that were not clear."
"Trying to get checked out. I need fast service"
"Easy to find what I was looking for on the website"
"Initially went to NFM for the 30 months interest free credit card offer. Picked out the sofas and chair that I wanted and  bought with the NFM credit card. Paid for  “ insurance.”  Hard to find a salesperson. Went to make my first payment and this is what will keep me from using the NFM credit card again , one can not make a payment online or over the phone with a debit card. I do not use checks so I do not know the routing number to my account."
"Quick and careful deliveries. Been a customer for years and will continue to use NFM!"
"I was able to easily find all of the items that I needed quickly and place an order for the seamless drive-thru pick-up. I also love that you can do 6 months interest free for anything over $99. Makes those last minute, unexpected purchases more manageable!"
"amazing..."
"The website was highly intuitive and straightforward to navigate. It featured user-friendly elements and offered various discounts, including the best possible prices. Consequently, my expectations were not only met but exceeded!"
"NFM is the best - usually best prices, best financing terms, best online interface.  Thanks!"
"Super Price Free shipping and Prompt Shipping."
"Website is nicely laid out. Checkout process is clear and easy to navigate."
"We love NFM. Everything we have gotten from them has been great. We did receive one damaged piece, but it was too much of a hassle to exchange it but everything else - top notch!"
"lOVING THE WEBSITE."
"I have a good experience purchasing stuff online."
"Love NFM . I always prefer to buy stuff from NFM"
"I called you customer service and your representative we very helpful and friendly."
"Mobile friendly easy to navigate website along with good detailed description and pictures of items in a fast and easy checkout was nice."
"Great!!!!!"
"Easy to order and delivery is quick"
"Easy shop, easy order, easy pay"
"Easy to find what I wanted. Easy to use the $25 off reward I received."
"Great to do business with NFM , easy ,fast . Highly recommended"
"Lots to choose from, good sales"
"A great product, great price and very reasonable same day shipping!  I'm going to make NFM one of my first choices when shopping!"
"Your CUSTOMER SERVICE SUCKS. I will never ever buy a major appliance from this company again. Your delivery crew ruined my floor, and you gave me a $250 coupon on my next purchase. My floor cost me $2100 to replace."
"It was easy and simple Just the way it should be Thank you"
"Great items in stock on sale and reasonable delivery time."
"NFM is my hotspot for my needs at any given time if it is in stock. I have gotten so many things over the years and the KC store is the closest to me for convenience if I am in the area traveling East, I always stop in and find something. When the weather causes inconvenience I can shop online. Thank you NFM"
"Pages were extremely slow to respond. This is a relatively new experience, as the website is normally easy to navigate. We are longtime NFM customers, and will continue to be. Hopefully this is a relatively easy fix, as this was exasperating."
"Always easy to order, good past experiences."
"Price was good."
"Some of the products I considered buying were not in stock"
"Finally came in.  Been waiting for long time."
"NFM's website is so easy to use and full of product information"
"I've been looking for this item to complete my home gym!!"
"great selection and Prices"
"shopping & ordering is made very easy online"
"There are a lot of options for appliances and the items are in stock. The customer reviews are helpful."
"Selection and Availability. Ease of Website."
"Everything was super easy and wonderfully priced. There were tons of delivery options. Thank you!"
"Easy to find products - easy to pay - drive through delivery, what's not to like about that!"
"LOVE My New Bed!!  Great delivery...on-time and quick set-up.  Thank You, employees of Nebraska Furniture Mart -- My family shops in both Omaha and The Colony...for many years with great satisfaction with all transactions!!!  (Emphasis on Many Years)"
"NFM has what I need and can deliver when I need it.  Thank you, NFM."
"The mobile website would not let me order."
"Still the best prices around."
"Easy step by step instructions, easy to follow, and not confusing."
"Great price, great availability of a product nobody else and those that did were gouging people on!"
"It is always so easy to order on line... thanks!"
"Site was easy to navigate, found what I wanted quickly."
"Jon Williams was great. He helped us on the floor and helped us pick what was perfect. Thank you again Jon."
"During my recent experience at NFM in November, my husband and I bought appliances for out home. We always purchase in the discount area in the back of the store, but decided to purchase all new appliances based on a rebate sale NFM had at that time. Unfortunately, our sales rep lied to us about buying a complete package and the rebate we would receive. He led us to purchase items that were not included in the rebate and when we brought this to his attention, we were offered a mere $200 dollar gift card after purchasing thousands in appliances. The rebate we should have received was $400, yet the sales associate could not seem to meet that amount in a gift card or cash as the offer noted. The Store Manager was not helpful and made the same offer. We were misinformed, misled and then expected to accept their mistake. We have shopped at this store since it opened and have spent tens of thousands of dollars there, yet we were treated poorly when THEIR associate made a mistake - we are penalized because of THEIR mistake. Customer service is lacking at this store and if you choose to shop a sale here, be cautious about whatever comes out of your sales associates mouth! Unfortunately, all we received were lies!!! DO NOT SHOP HERE!!!"
"Great price."
"We've been NFM customers for 20 years - always great to work with - online ordering is fast and easy!"
"The website is very hands on. Was able to set up everything feom my home."
"Shopping and checking out is so easy as a NFM credit card holder. Love the no interest options for larger purchases!"
"Easy and quick no trouble"
"on line sell"
"easy and fast. no issues thus far."
"We found what worked for us"
"Very easy to find what I wanted and to place the order.  Great delivery and financing terms."
"Quick and Easy to find and purchase what I was looking for."
"Thanks , great price"
"When i called customer service, i got the answers i needed."
"Ordering a new refrigerator was hassle free and so easy!"
"Experience was great. Everything was helpful."
"Had a question and chatted with Zachery. Very quick reply and helpful."
"Always had what I want.  Fast,  ready checkout."
"Easy and quick. Checkout process did not ask too many questions..."
"Your website is incredibly slow. Even typing this comment, it is a couple seconds behind. It would be great if you could add items from your wishlist directly to your cart."
"The Salesmans are always there when you need them. They can always there to help me when I need them!"
"Easy to find the items and speedy process."
"I was able to find the product that I needed online very quickly.  I was pleasantly surprised that it was also on sale!"
"NFM sells cheap, and tells the truth, thanks Ruth"
"this was nice"
"Ordered on-line, on close out prices, and will pick up later this month."
"I do not have a comment"
"Easy to find the item i was looking for and no interest on the purchase is what made me buy it from NFM"
"Have always received excellent products and easy to use online ordering and pickup using NFM! The guys who load the vehicles at pickup are always exceptional and deserve praise they probably don't normally receive. Thank you, guys!"
"On the website I was able to quickly look up our old orders; and reorder more flooring. I was able to find it, buy it, and set up a pick up date in a matter of minutes."
"Great selection, easy checkout, convenient delivery, same as cash terms.....  You guys have it all."
"Annoying that if an item cannot be delivered but is in stock in the dfw area that it isn't displayed ahead of time before I go through checking out"
"Credit application was easy, and the prices were great! Thank you NFM!"
"This crappy popup is coming up while im trying to figure my order out so it gets a bad review from me"
"It wouldn't move forward to delivery or payment at first."
"I had to attempt to place the order several times before the order would go through."
"Website  made it easy to use thanks for service"
"Fast, easy and affordable."
"Appreciate the quick turnaround and the selection"
"Simple, accurate, quick"
"EASY TO FIND ITIEMSQUICK CHECK OUT"
"NFM is wonderful.  I wish you were in more areas, I have friends who would love the same experience I have but in states where you don't have stores (yet!)."
"easy to use website and online ordering very simple.  product measurements were very helpful."
"Excellent as always. Easy search, great sale prices, great quality and choices and very easy checkout."
"Ease iof getting approved and ordering with NFM credit card."
"we  have been shopping at your store for years and always had great purchases"
"Website is user friendly. Easy to find items as you shop and super easy to check out."
"Purchased online and couldn't have been easier!"
"You had exactly what I wanted, at the right price! The system took my Reward Card and the rest went on my NFM revolving credit card without difficulty"
"It was very easy and fast.  Seemless transaction."
"My Nebraska Furniture transaction was flawless and the store's large selection is fabulous!"
"The website is easy to navigate. Financing is fast and efficient. Will be back to purchase other items as a result."
"The 24 month financing was an excellent offer to upgrade appliances that needed to be replaced"
"Being able to shop online and ship to my new home. Customer service was absolutely attentive, kind and very helpful!"
"Although there are several screens that you need to go through to get to confirm your order, it is clear what you are charging and where it is going .  Thank you"
"Website was easy to use. Price was good. NFM offered to take the old freezer"
"Great prices. Home delivery fees are reasonable. Same day delivery available."
"all choices are very easy to understand and I know exactly what I'm getting!"
"My first time on NFM.  So much; too many options it is overwhelming.  The Chat person(s) weren't useful....Overall I hope this will be a postive experience; if not, I will provide a review reflecting it."
"The ease of ordering the appliance was great!"
"Easy, no hassle and good quality items"
"Well laid out buying experience.  Straight forward, excellent photos of items and descriptions."
"NFM App was buggy and would not display checkout button.  Had to log on to a PC to complete the order."
"Great prices , love the free shipping offers"
"Efficient and Simple Process"
"NFM has great prices and customer service. I ordered the wrong color, so I called to have it cancelled. The customer service representative, Quentin, was great and handled everything from canceling to getting the right machine."
"Nfm is the best experience so far no damage to products and sold as advertised."
"I had a scheduled appointment for a repair under warranty on a couch.  After waiting eight months for the part, the part finally arrived for the repair to be completed. In the morning, I received a text message informing me I  would be able to pick up the part. Knowing I had scheduled an appointment for the repair to be completed, I called customer service. I was confused because the text message said, \"Your order is ready for pick-up.\" I informed customer service I wanted to confirm I was scheduled for the repair to be completed today. Customer service assured me that the repair technician is scheduled to complete the repairs today. The technician would pick up the part, and I would receive a call from the technician. He/she would give me a timetable of when they would arrive.  After 5pm. and not having heard from NFM, my wife contacted customer service again.  She was told a  new appointment would be another week. When she asked, what was the hold up, and why didn't anyone contact us and explain why the technician never showed.  The customer service representative refused to answer her several times."
"Easy to order, even though out of stock in DFW and must wait longer to get it. Price was GREAT!"
"Website always easy to use and hassle free!"
"Great price, I'll put my review in when I get my product"
"Very easy from choosing dryer to delivery."
"Issues at checkout. Kept saying my card wasn't billed. I had to check out multiple times in order to process the order."
"Online ordering and scheduling pickup while  order was placed."
"Great service and awesome experience"
"Easy to navigate the website and compare products. Ordering was easy as well and the recommended additional items is very useful."
"Quick and easy checkout. Thank you."
"Online ordering was good although I am always anxious that actual product was well represented in the pictures.  Hopefully all will be good.  Survey should be issued after product is received."
"Awsome!!Love it!!Save alot of time!!Thank you"
"Customer service on telephone was very helpful with completing order."
"Easy to order online and use my card and select everything I want."
"It was all self-explanatory.  All questions answered, had to talk w/ customer service friendly and knowledgeabl."
"Great ordering process.  Now lets see how the delivery goes!"
"Easy peasy looked for what i wanted and will receive it in two days"
"Ordering is easy I've purchased here before and never had a problem with pick up or delivery."
"Very easy to use, the step by step helped make sure all my information was correct and up to date."
"Good Bargain for HP Paper shredding device"
"Your website is incredibly slow!  I thought it had locked up many times.  If I wasn't a patient person I would have given up on ordering online."
"As Always - Nebraska makes everything easy on-line for it's customers :)"
"great service"
"How do I tell you who will pick up the order I just placed, it will not be me."
"Easy to find what i was looking for.  easy to find specs."
"Applying for NFM credit card was a fast and simple process. The Nebraska shopping experience is always a good one. I live in Houston and anytime I'm in town I stop in to look around. I was in the store on 12/28 the ladies working in the clearance department were so nice and helpful."
"Everything was great"
"FIrst time ordering online.   I had a little trouble but I think I got it figured out."
"We always have great customer service at NFM. It's easy to find items on their site."
"GREAT PRICE"
"Easy to work with and a speedy process."
"Easy to order and submit for a home delivery. Thanks for your assistance NFM."
"Very easy.  Thanks!"
"Easy purchase"
"It was easy, simple and great. Thanks."
"lady was very helpful"
"I appreciated the specific details on each product since I am shopping online. It helps when I have more customer ratings. There seemed to be so few."
"Always a great experience with great products"
"The web page took several minutes to reload. Every time I went to pay something was changed or wrong- had to keep re-entering delivery choices data, this took several minutes to load with each item on a multi - item order.In all it has taken me over 3 hours to make a purchase online. That's ridiculous. Also I'm being charged for shipping even though the website says free in-home delivery with purchase over a certain amount. I definitely surpassed that limit. I will be calling in the morning to rectify this. And the Chat function didn't work."
"Very easy to order and get good information on product"
"Easy to navigate online - a lot of choices"
"They had what I wanted and it was easy to order."
"Went to the store to purchase a new refridgerator and salesman did not find any on the floor to fit my dimensions.  He never offered to look on line to see if any were available to order for me.  Thought this would have been nice since I am not at ease with using the computer."
"Easy to order and quick delivery options available with removal of old applicance."
"Ease of use to order"
"Great and easy"
"Easy to shop online and confirm interest free terms! The bundling and unbundling of products was confusing and ultimately resulted in me just removing one of the products to avoid it messing up my pickup date."
"Item needed was on sale and delivery date is excellent."
"I love NFM, great customer service and everything is always priced right."
"Ease of using website to place my order. Nice selection."
"Nebraska Furniture Mart always has my back with the best deals"
"easy to search, easy to set up delievery, and easy to checkout."
"ease of website use. ordering is a breeze"
"Very Easy to navigate the site and get checked out without any question or second guessing"
"Super easy to order and use the website. Great selection and great prices."
"The page kept saying it was unresponsive and asked me if I wanted to wait. It took over 20 minutes to place this order. Also an agent on chat said that haul away for appliances was offered for $39.99 per item and that I could choose this option when I selected In home delivery. The option for haul away was never given, so I will have to call NFM tomorrow during business hours to get this corrected and paid for."
"Had lots of help in store - and went online to buy. Very simple and effective!"
"Easy to navigate online, clearly delineated extra items to consider"
"Very convenient and well managed web site for purchasing.  Competitive pricing."
"What would have been more helpful is to not list items that are not available for purchase."
"Always easy to search, select, and purchase. Sometimes pages take a while to render especially after applying filters."
"easy!  shipping option is great."
"There was an issue with my order and they informed me right away. It didn't work out in my favor, but I appreciate their letting me know so I could re-order my product."
"It would be nice if assembly could be included for senior adults."
"I can't wait to receive my items. The service is great and quality of items appear  great as well."
"Easy to use website and to set up pick up"
"Very easy to use online. Great experience."
"good online shopping experience"
"good price good value"
"The items I receive from the store are always great value. I appreciate your time"
"Easy to complete order"
"Online ordering was very easy to execute."
"Site would not let me check out without calling a number that was closed or chatting with a Bot that was useless.  Took 4 times before going through.  Would not accept 2 coupon codes--One (24WE10)for $10 which NFM sent to me by email and another that was recognized (CHBB23) and then fell off in final transaction.  Customer experience needs to be better--should not be this hard to spend money."
"Great financing options, and easy set up for delivery"
"Everything I wanted at exactly the right price."
"They make it so easy for me to spend my money! Online experience is A plus as is the in-store experience."
"Best price around. NFM has always had very excellent quality as well. This makes the purchase easy."
"It was simple to items to my cart. Smart UI relatively fast load times. Secure site"
"I did not like that it said free delivery until I went to check out :(  Very happy with the sale price of the items. Being a teacher I’m always looking for a great buy!"
"Easy online purchase. Having a chat agent available to ask some questions was nice and convenient. No need to go to store again."
"Easy!! I love NFM I buy everything here because they truly care about the customer."
"Fast and easy! Always buy from here!"
"Easy to navigate, search, shop and purchase on the NFM website. Highly recommend this shopping experience."
"Online shopping"
"The website kept timing out. had to enter my change of address 4 times before I finally got the order to be accepted"
"Easy to use... step by step procedure for the purchase."
"Ease of online ordering and free in-home delivery!"
"I'm really hoping that this order experience goes better than my bed buying experience, to be completely honest.  It took 2 years for my bed to get sorted out and then it took 3 tries to get everything delivered and put together at the very end. So here's hoping that small hand held appliances goes better."
"Great products at reasonable prices, but your website needs help. It is very slow and takes quite a long time to place an online order."
"Opened an account online and bought a sofa with recliners that was 59% off...great deal, free delivery and quick checkout!"
"We love shopping and online shopping at NFM"
"Easy comparison of options, easy checkout for pickup at the store."
"easy to order and set up delivery at my home"
"Nice Sale Price and Quick Delivery options."
"Grt location to shop for quality furniture"
"My fridge went out tonight with over $600 worth of food in it that I just bought. I was able to buy a new, cheap and nice fridge and increase my credit limit all within 30 minutes and save my groceries."
"Online ordering and bill paying is easy to use!"
"NFM makes the online ordering process simple and user-friendly."
"Very easy. Love the prices."
"Easy to find exactly what I wanted to purchase. Easy to follow instructions to make purchase online. Shopping online made easy."
"This website is always easy to use."
"Home sick today, but the online experience very pleasent."
"The website is terrible. Sort options are very inadequate. Extremely slow...extremely slow.Credit app website was fast.  The product search took forever and the details for each product, especially for the pkgs were completely insufficient. Mobile use was even worse. Doesn't make sense that a company this large doesn't have an amazing website in 2023."
"Simple and easy. I was in the store earlier today and there were no coat trees in stock.  So, I got online and created an account. Found what I wanted and ordered it."
"Love Nebraska Furniture Mart the people that work there are awesome and all of their products are great!"
"Had to enter the order multiple times for it to complete.  The order also showed pickup available then only allowed delivery 4 days later."
"Ease of checkout and quick delivery time."
"Easy to order"
"Easy review of products.  Easy application of coupons. Goodprice"
"Ease and product quality."
"customer service was top notch, did a low price guarantee on my items so I was able to buy more chairs yay!!!"
"Check out was simple and easy.  Excited to use product!"
"There were lots of options. I enjoyed shopping around the organized and clean store even for things I didn't need. I was approached many times asking if I needed assistance. It felt a little pushy but I appreciate the willingness apposed to not being able to find an associate to help in other stores. I'm from out of town and was able to visit the store twice but had to order on line when I was ready."
"ease of using your website and same day delivery."
"Purchased an item on backorder but needed a new dishwasher sooner. The cancellation and rebuying process was extremely streamlined and easy to use!"
"easy checkout"
"Great Customer Service and Support Service."
"Good prices..nice merchandise...6 month payment window"
"I bought a mattress, it would have been nice if some box springs were listed as suggested other purchases for that mattress."
"Made it easy to shop and be able to pick it up"
"Always easy to deal with.  Love the website and the ease of making purchases."
"It's the item I need at a very good price."
"This is the slowest checkout I've ever experienced."
"Found what I wanted. Clear and easy ordering."
"I looked all over for this camera, and I finally found one...at the furniture store.  The purchase was easy, and I hope to receive my camera soon."
"Have been waiting a few years to add another Bose 700 Subwoofer to my Lifestyle 650 system for some real thunder, and the day has finally arrived due to the decent sale on this speaker.  The website was very efficient to order from with great payment term options!  Thanks NFM!"
"Your prices are amazing and the quality is very good."
"Easy to shop online."
"Quick and easy.  Only wish it was going to arrive earlier."
"Great price on everything easy to buy and pickup or ship."
"Simple, good product info, quick process"
"Website was user friendly, gave options to p/u or ship."
"NFM always makes things super easy. I will always shop here. I wish I could get a beer while I walk around and look for things to spend money on."
"I was having a hard time at first, but it's a lot easier than I thought."
"Ordering and finding the product to meet my needs was expedient."
"Easy but website is so slow to load and has been for years!"
"easy to use the online order and get my purchase delivered."
"NFM had the lowest price for this printer."
"I liked the variety of the furniture to pick from. Website is each to navigate."
"Always easy to find products and good pricing."
"easy application. easy order. So as long as everything comes on time, as ordered, I'm happy"
"The stuff I needed was in stock and on sale!  It doesn't get any better than that!"
"WEBSITE EASY TO NAVIGATE AND I FOUND THE ITEM I WANTED."
"Wish I could remember our password.  Account is in hubby’s name and email."
"Quality and experience"
"I got good deals with a couple of TV purchases. They'll deliver to my house for free too."
"I remember Mrs. B, and this company is always so good for me....."
"great!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
"The process was super easy!"
"Great collections and quality product"
"The delivery was not made when received. I was told a voice mail was left on my phone.  There was no voice mail left. I was told the drivers said a voice mail was left and that we were not home.  We were home and looking out the windows the entire time window scheduled.  I think there should be some compensation as we had company for dinner & it was a mess.  Plus the catering we had was ruined!  Then the item was $20 cheaper the day after we bought it. Even the refund of $20 would help regarding my \"shopping experience\" opinion. Thank you. Please reply."
"Had what I wanted in stock. Delivery fee is worth it"
"I'm no wizz with the laptop and I got the job done."
"Awesome experience"
"Good products and service."
"online was easy"
"The website was easy to navigate and all the steps in delivery and checkout were logical."
"Easy website. Quick delivery date"
"Easy checkout.  Also, product was on display.  This helped make the selection easier because we were able to sit in the chair and check out the comfort and quality of the product."
"Good price.  Easy to navigate website."
"Missing Information on product.  I purchased 2 lamps, not in stock, at the Kansas store.  In order to get the lamps I had to pay almost $30.00 postage for delivery.  Too much to pay!  The info on the lamp wasn't complete.  First I tried \"Iive chat\", but they couldn't answer my question and directed me to call the store.  I called the store to have them see if they could get the info for me.  Customer service couldn't find the info I needed and had to direct me to the floor sales to try to answer my question.  The wattage on a lamp should always be included in the information on the lamp.  I shouldn't have had to jump through hoops to get this information!"
"Since we moved from Omaha to the Quad Cities, we genuinely miss having NFM in our backyard.  Please consider bringing NFM to the Quad Cities market!  This market is ripe for the picking as Big Box alternatives are lame in comparison!"
"We were able to order our product easily on NFM website."
"One of the items was out of stock so i spent about 45 mins trying to figure out the best way to either pick it up or get it delivered at the cheapest cost. The items were showing as 'Free shipping' but when it was coming to the last check out it was adding a delivery charge of $49.99. Eventually I unbundled it and decided to get 1 delivered at $5 which was not showing up in the earlier version. The other item will be picked up."
"A review on the internet was easy and the NFM page was extremely easy to use."
"Easy website to find items.  Easy checkout."
"I appreciate that all the info I wanted about the product was available. I also appreciated the date of availability and delivery."
"I was disappointed that I couldn't use Military Discount or promo code for my online purchase. The items I was buying weren't in store so I wasn't driving 2 hours to the store to make the purchase. I have been verified in store from previous purchases."
"Very easy,convient, and user friendly. Wife and I love this place."
"The website was very slow to respond.  I've never experienced it before.  Not fun."
"fast!!!  Thank You"
"The NFM website is user friendly. It was easy for me to navigate and understand. It is clean and straight forward. I did not experience any glitches."
"This is my first time shopping with NFM.  I liked the selection and the prices. I hope that your delivery service is as good and as easy as the shopping experience. I just wish you were closer because I would enjoy going through your store in person."
"I use this company whenever I need furniture, appliances and outdoor stuff and have never been disappointed.  Sales people have always been  willing to go out of their way to help me.  I shop here first for what I need."
"Signed up for email promotions in order to get an additional $10 off, but when I tried to use it, I was told my purchase didn't qualify. I spent $3500 and couldn't even get $10 off. Too many exclusions. So be aware before signing up for emails."
"I viewed this item oreviously...you reduced the price to meet my budget and we are on a roll!!!Thank you!"
"My call to the 800 number was promptly answered with the information ZI needed to complete the purchase."
"TRYING TO FIND A RECLINER THAT WORKS FOR MOM WAS EXHAUSTING"
"Website was easy to navigate and checkout was simple."
"Able to access inventory of products, read reviews of past purchasers, and compare prices. Availability of products and delivery options made selecting from NFM easier than other online shops."
"Like doing orders online"
"Great sale of 75% on product I have been needing. Placed order online with convenience of same day delivery option for only $5.00.Hopefully that goes through as scheduled today and I give my experience a thumbs up."
"Always find good deals from nfm"
"This was the easiest online shopping experience I've ever had!"
"bot was not helpful"
"they have good deals"
"NFM messed up pricing on my original order and canceled it. I think they should honor posted prices rather than call it a \"pricing error\" and canceling it on me."
"Super Simple and fast delivery options."
"NFM is always great. I haven't ever had a problem with them"
"Easy to purchase the product that I wanted"
"Easy access to system and great selections at reasonable prices"
"Their website is extremely user friendly I only have to go in the store if I want to"
"Everything was right where I clicked. Quick and easy!"
"The website usage was awful. I had so many issues just trying to look for a bed set and mattress. It took forever for anything to load, kept refreshing back and taking away any progress I made. I love the store and everything about it but the website isn't the best"
"you guys charged me 200 for delivering a bike i had to cancel it."
"The ordering and purchase process were good."
"Always quick and easy support for products I'm looking for"
"The ease of shopping from home on my computer comparing models and deals."
"Ease of purchase.  Appreciate specs, customer reviews, options for purchase/delivery."
"Process was easy and reviews helped in us making the decision to buy. Free shipping and fast delivery date"
"Online deal was really good, order went through easy so far."
"very easy on line shopping.  love the fact I can pick my date for pickup"
"Simple and easy"
"They make it real easy to navigate here on this website."
"was easy the findwhat i needed and go through the whole process"
"Very easy to order"
"Reasonable prices. Products easy to find and well described."
"The automated checkout process is fast and easy to understand."
"Good price, FAST delivery :-)"
"It was Great!"
"Super easy to order online, great price, and same day shipping for a reasonable price. Excellent all around"
"Our TV died on Christmas Day. Of course all stores are closed. I went online to see what we could find and NFM was the best deal of all, AND we get 6 months same as cash on our card! It was so easy, I didn't even have to get my card out to find the numbers, because everything was saved on your site. LOVE IT and see you soon after you open!"
"Was nice to do it online since I live 200 miles from closest  store"
"Esay shopping online we found the products we were looking for good financing terms"
"Great site and price love NFM versus other retailers.  Now just need to go to the store to pick out the stand for the new TV."
"easy online ordering"
"Select delivery date"
"Awesome and convenient, as always."
"NFM, always great. Great service, great deals, great products."
"Competitive prices and easy payment terms on my NFM card."
"We had an easy experience with placing the order"
"Purchase was easy. They have great deals on certain product"
"ease and pricing, experience with NFM"
"Can't wait to use it!"
"The website is easy to navigate. The only reason not 5 stars is no way to shop by TV size when on the Super Deals of the Season page (had to go through the TV portion of the website)."
"It was pretty easy to order my item online!"
"Nice selection with good prices. I like being able to get interest free purchasing when using my NFM credit card!"
"Almost everything on the site is unavailable or out of stock so then why are they even on here?Very disappointing, I couldn't get 3/4 of the stuff I wanted"
"Selection and price is above all!"
"Easy to order.  Price was good.  Chat with live agent to get delivery questions answered was quick and easy."
"The user interface can be a little outdated and somewhat glitchy, especially using the web browser on your phone. There should be the option to have more coupon or discount opportunities with various products, especially electronics. Though I am aware that this might be due to manufacture. There should be more financing options for different product options, especially for products under $500"
"Website was easy to use and NFM has great products for purchase!"
"Easy to filter needs and wants. Easy to find sizing information. Application process for card was simple. Thank you for Easy of access!!"
"It was great..."
"There were delivery options, but they weren't actually available. This made the purchasing process longer and harder."
"Very smooth checkout process."
"The item I wanted was unavailable so I got an upgraded version at a higher price. I want to pick up in store today but can't get an answer on when it will be available. The phone IVR askes a bunch of questions to get me to the right area and at the end of the questions, it simply says they are not open and hangs up. Can't the IVR be programmed to at least give an idea of when to call back?"
"The website was informative and worked well.  You had what we wanted in stock."
"Page search functions, ordering ease, delivery scheduling and pricing."
"The process was very simple and easy. I appreciate the thorough instructions"
"wwwwwwwwwww"
"Website was simple to navigate, asked a question on Chat with an agent and got a quick answer, overall experience was easy and pleasant."
"Very easy to shop, choose the item that had the features we wanted and fit into the budget."
"Good options, easy process"
"Being able to have things shipped to me."
"Only giving a 4 because the website is a little sluggish sometimes."
"Like Always! Excellent...THKKS"
"Always a great shopping experience! Everything I wanted/needed was available during a busy holiday season."
".........."
"Easy to do for ordering"
"fast and easy"
"Not a single sales associate approached or even ask me any questions."
"NFM has helped me get what my family needs when they need it at great prices!"
"The purchase felt complicated and I don’t understand how the 0% interest if paid off in 6months works if you have a previous balance you’re adding to factored in. It was not clear"
"Great experience and very easy!"
"It was easy to navigate and the process was quick."
"It is quite impossible to find a promo code without dropping the order and having to star over."
"Four days after I made a purchase the price was reduced another $20 and NFM gave me a credit for the difference, but I had to see the price reduction and then call and ask for credit.  On another previous order I found the the exact same item approx $300 cheaper on line, called NFM about it, and 3 days later NFM honored the reduced price.Never thought so before, but you really need to watch you guys."
"Very competitive price, free delivery an added bonus.  Online ordering and payment went well."
"Very great service all appliances have come from nfm"
"Able to find a hard to find item just 2 days before Christmas, and at a reasonable price."
"Very clear about what was in stock versus not.  Same day pick up is very convenient."
"pick up made easy"
"Customer service and delivery is amazing."
"Quick, easy, and even offer same day delivery."
"I had a great online shopping experience. There are so many options available, I was able to find gifts for the whole family. Even the payment options, pick up and delivery options truly are appreciated for ease and convenience so close to Christmas. Thank you!"
"We love the recliner we just purchased so much I'm getting a second one - thanks so much!"
"I ordered a couch from here and when I got it it doesn’t seem the same quality as the one we tried in the store. When I t was delivered the drivers started honking way down the street and was just passing by our house and wasn’t even going to stop. I recently purchased a bedroom set matress Included I asked the saleman if I could return the mattress if I wasn’t happy. He said yes but you have to purchase a 100$ protector which I did he never mentioned I would have to pay a 70$ restocking fee! Also looked at my new statement and my two purchases together and my bill was 191$ a month went from 65 to that. Something doesn’t add up. I’m not sure I trust the receipt either. There’s things on there I don’t understand and also I don’t see the discounts I was supposed to have. I am not really happy about my purchases. The couch feels nothing like the one I t the store and my mattress was expensive and I am miserable sleeping on it!"
"non-applicable"
"I was able to buy my great deals because online was simple and easy to use."
"Great selection sales had been very helpful. Very happy"
"easy to get our items in short period of time, even during the holidays"
"Easy online shopping at most competitive prices"
"Easy to shop , same day shipping for only $5"
"The screen would continue to \"jump\" as I was ordering and trying to scan through the page. I thought it to be my device and when I switched devices it continued to \"jump\" from the top of page back down and then back to the item I was trying to view. It made it really frustrating and difficult to look at other items or to review the product I was viewing. It was an easy process to purchase the product I was viewing once the screen stopped \"jumping\"."
"User Friendly program, but not categorized in detailed options"
"Easy ordering, quality and value."
"quick service"
"Ease of ordering.  Sales associate answered all of our questions promptly.  Nice selection"
"The variety of furniture at this store is incredible. The website is user friendly.Very satisfied."
"Service was good"
"Great selection and availability of products to choose from. Website is easy to use as well."
"It was simple.  I hope the pick up at the drive thru is as easy."
"Great! Easy to do!"
"Did not see anywhere that I could view pricing with my Military discount."
"Nebraska Furniture is the best place to get everything you need,  and the best prices"
"Everything I need from the comfort of my home. Items I'm looking for were fully described and comparisons were easy as possible.  Christmas shopping 2.0"
"Shopping made easy with website."
"Always a seamless transaction with the mart."
"Easy to use, clear and concise"
"Easy to research options and arrange delivery."
"Always scary how quick and easy this website is.  Maybe a little TOO EASY to buy stuff. Just kidding, i just say that because I spend too much money with NFM, but have always been satisfied."
"It's easy and the website is user friendly."
"easy to spend money.  Not sure if that's a good thing or not.  :-)"
"Easy to order and pickup item on the same day!"
"Great easy to use!!"
"Easy  no hassle"
"Quick & easy to find what I need & at a great price."
"So easy and great credit terms. Love NFM!"
"Fairly easy to order."
"Easy convenient"
"All products were available"
"Easy to find, great price and free delivery.  I love the payment plan for this time of year."
"everything was so easy & i chose 0% interest so win win!"
"Great website, easy to read about the products"
"Fast service and shipping,  best price too."
"Easy, fast process with multiple options"
"Killer price for this projector.  Can wait to pick it up tomorrow and get it mounted."
"Online experience was good, the information provided was useful, overall experience was convenient and easy."
"1234567890"
"I was able to place items in my cart and was able to edit and add new items until I made the final purchase decision."
"horrible. i didn get to choose what card i could use."
"NFM carries so many quality items and purchasing was easy."
"you guys make it easy. Thank you"
"Very simple process. I like that I did not have to enter my credit card information."
"The ease and convenience of shopping from home makes NFM one of the best places to shop especially for those of us that are disabled and unable to walk for long distances in a massive store."
"always good"
"site does not allow you to be able to do certain things . especially outside your delivery area ."
"when toggling back and forth between pages I would have to reset all of my filters each time, otherwise easy experience and chat with the agent, Travis, was easy and quick."
"Great price! Love the free shipping! Good quality merchandise."
"I have been very very pleased with the last order that I purchased"
"Never had a problem with NFM. Excellent service since I have been shopping with NFM."
"Have always enjoyed shopping at Nebraska Furniture Mart.  And now without being able to drive online shopping is great.  Aiways excellent products."
"I've tried several times to order this rug and kept getting errors! This time, it worked! Yay!We ordered a smaller version of this rug and it's beautiful and well made! Looking forward to setting up this larger version."
"It was quick and easy to use."
"It's so easy to order online and everything is clearly explained."
"its simple ordering from NFM since I have an account already set up"
"The sight was quick,  easy and convenient."
"Your website is horrible.  The search function is not used to the best of its ability.  When searching \"lighting\" it brings up kitchen tables.  When searching \"lighting fixtures\" it brings up kitchen tables and chairs with a few lighting fixtures.  There are so many more issues with the website.  It just needs to be completely revamped to be more user friendly."
"Customer Service is excellent and the products are quality superb"
"Competitive pricing, easy delivery scheduling. Received a coupon quickly and was able to add to order!"
"Easy to navigate site. Good search results. Fixed problems quickly."
"I couldn’t remember my password and selected Forgot Password several times and never received an email from NFM.  I checked my junk mail each time and it never came to Inbox or Spam."
"I had SKU#: 62185160 in my cart along with a screen protector. I went to add one more item to my cart and came back to find the discount expired at midnight despite it being in my cart. Not a great surprise. Seems like the discount should apply if you have the item ready for checkout."
"Good price on toys. Website easy"
"Online process was simple and easy."
"I couldn't find information on installation - I tried using the chat function and and the chat function didn't work. I would type but couldn't send the message"
"Made ordering at home easy"
"My oven decided to not work this holiday..  I can always count on NFM for the easy process to get a new one."
"Search function worked well.  Like having positive and negative reviews viewable.  Like free pick up option and selecting a day to pick up the order.  Ease of NFM card automatically tied to shopping order."
"Great, very easy and convenient."
"It was very quick and easy to apply for credit."
"Information was easy to find and if I needed further clarification I was able to find the answer"
"I appreciate the ease of using the website."
"NFM Best Seller tags helped me find the correct appliance for me!"
"Great prices, selection and customer service"
"Great work and great prices! Go to place for almost everything!"
"Easy access to navigate everything online. No need to go into a store, just do it from the comfort of my home."
"Good price and easy process"
"Website is easy to navigate and it is easy to place your order."
"The sale prices are great"
"Great products, great pricing, great delivery services."
"Easy to follow order process.  Only problem is it was hard to know what were required add-ons for gas dryer."
"I always have wonderful products!"
"I appreciate the communication of the delivery and I appreciate the assembly of the furniture."
"Only $5 to have the item dropped off same-day on my front porch? Cannot beat that. Online order and drop off process are very smooth."
"The prices have been very even across several sites but by being diligent and continually shopping for a new tv, I was lucky and NFM put this one on clearance. Not sure why, all the other companies are still regular priced, but great deal for me!"
"Easy to use online shopping"
"Easy to shop for what I was looking for and then place the order."
"I feel the checkout was easy because it offered me a chance to receive and read my terms and conditions also how the speedy pickup process works."
"Like how I can filter and sort options to make searching easy."
"I haven't received the item yet. Please ask me again after this is delivered. I can't believe that you ask me to rate the experience before I have taken delivery of the item purchased!"
"It was all I picked and click, click, click!"
"Easy online ordering.  Professional and quick delivery and setup."
"Quick and easy to find product and order. I appreciate the shipping before Christmas availability."
"Nothing I want to review"
"I was able to quickly locate a gift for my daughter and NFM offered free shipping to get it there before Christmas."
"Easy to find."
"Easy to shop online and find what I want."
"Great Sale."
"The items I wanted was on sale. The delivery date is ok. This prices are great. On line keeps us from leaving home. It's great. We LOVE NFM.Merry Christmas"
"very easy to look around with a great selection"
"pretty easy to use.  not many options for side/side in water fridge in my opinion"
"NFM is always flawless, if they slip they make it right. Always has always will."
"I had to order a new PC because the previous purchase was cancelled after it showed in stock."
"Very easy to shop online. Customer reviews are extremely important at making the final decesion."
"Product quality and customer care."
"Fast & easy to use. Thank you, Warren!"
"This is my first order from NFM, and my delivery isn't until January, but the online experience was quick and easy."
"It's nothing NFM doesn't have! Have a Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to NFM!"
"Good experience thus far. We'll see how in-home delivery goes."
"Assistance from Ishmail and Matt was excellent!"
"Always great experience. Hopefully delays do not take long"
"Best customer service. Great financing options. Great selection. NFM are the best!"
"The site is very easy to use.  Products are easy to find and pricing, promotions and shipping are clearly displayed."
"Website was easy to use and pick up is usually quick and easy"
"Easy to navigate website. Checkout was quick and easy."
"Easy to order."
"Site easy to navigate and product availability is always great"
"So easy to find what I am looking for and the prices are great!"
"It was just easy and awesome. Thanks, NFM!!!"
"I liked that I got a good price, free in home delivery, and haul away of my old dryer at a decent price."
"always easy to navigate the order process here!!"
"the process was so easy will shop again"
"very easy to order and get what i needed"
"I can always count on NFM for the best prices and a great selection of stuff. Makes shopping fun!"
"Site is easy to use. Prices cannot be beat."
"It is very low priced and easy to shop online. I love NFM."
"So good we buy 2nd"
"A good night sleep"
"It was a terrific  experience ordering from NFM. Did not realize had toys.Belinda Grimm"
"The fact that it did not take long at all."
"Thank you for making this a speedy process."
"Always great, online or in store."
"This is the 2nd time I have have had to change the credit card because the system would not process the one I was trying to use."
"I bought a Dash cam for hubby for Christmas.  Item said small parcels were free shipping.  Then at checkout, I was charged $39.99 for shipping.  So, therefore 3, not 5 stars."
"Easy to execute."
"I have been the customer of NFM for over 40 years. We have bought many many items including furnitures, TVs, carpets, flooring and many items. We are very happy with the custoer services.Thank you.Prafulla"
"Easy navigation of web-page and items; accurate descriptions"
"Difficult sometimes to navigate the site.  Overall selection of furniture is good."
"Easy of buying item, drive through pick up, plus item in stock... love it just great"
"Easy to check out and choose delivery options."
"quick and easy"
"Great as usual"
"Easy to find product, available free and quick shipping"
"i am very happy to be a customer with NFM"
"I can always find what I want at the right price."
"Very simple and easy to find the product I needed and to place my order."
"S90C available at a great price"
"The website gave constant errors when trying to apply a gift card. Also it would not allow me select a delivery date for items that are currently not in local stock."
"ease of use on the web site"
"I've never had an issue with NFM so I keep coming back."
"Website does full screen refreshes a lot.  try to read or do something and whole screen goes blank and have to wait for it to redraw."
"Nice- as usual"
"Can find what you want.can buy w no interest if paid off in time.BIG PLUS"
"Easy to navigate website, although site is a bit slow to respond."
"I ordered a pillow"
"NFM has always been easy. Provide good product reviews and my TV will be ready for pick-up within the hour."
"web page was very easy to manage and got me right to what I wanted to find."
"Easy and fast. Lots of options available."
"i hate that it makes me type this review"
"Eas to follow prompts -- ability to review before ordering was very efficient!"
"Found what I was looking for. NFM makes it easy to do business with them."
"Easy online purchase. Having an NFM card made it even easier!"
"Easy-to-use able to find what I needed easily"
"Everything was easy, however, the system didn't let me update my phone number."
"Great in love buying online"
"I love NFM for how simple the online ordering process."
"very organized"
"Easy to navigate on line. NFM should populate account holders info for less time."
"Everything is great shopping on line but when I look some things up and it shows the Item then it will tell it is not in stock?"
"GOOD TIMES ya know!"
"Ease of shopping and trust of quality care and products"
"It is so easy to order things on the web site. If you need help there is someone you can chat with!!"
"Has what I'm looking for in electronics, providing you know what you want."
"Online ordering was very streamlines and easy."
"Buying a new appliance using your phone is always convenient"
"easy to find a piece"
"Website response time was slow.  Easily 1+ second or more.  Should be milliseconds.  Other than not liking the slowness it was good."
"I've had a nfm credit card for several years now and I absolutely love working with you.  You make the entire process seamless."
"Little difficult to manage site"
"The experience of buying the product online is great.  However what really matters is the install experience as well as how long the product works.  A bit disappointed that our previous microwave went our after 5.5 years."
"easy aF easy to use daddies card and get what I want"
"Easy to navigate and find what I need. Thank you"
"Ordering is very easy and the website is user friendly."
"The ease of finding what I wanted and setting up the shipping. Wonderful experience!"
"Not having to complete this stuff!"
"Ordered stuff hope it shows up."
"Organized online website"
"It is so easy to shop your stores on line.  Everything is described exactly as it is and your financing program is the best."
"Ordered got same-day delivery"
"This process was very easy to use and understand."
"I was able to go online and purchase the range I wanted, and schedule for it to be delivered. All from the comfort of my home."
"Online was so easy! We're new to the area and will definitely be back!"
"This is a user-friendly website and the prices are competitive I personally love this company!!!"
"Ease of use.Ability to pick up at store is perfect"
"Found it in the add and so easy to order."
"easy and convenient"
"There always there when I need NFM, i'm always happy to see them come to a rescue!"
"this place is amazing will not go anywhere else"
"Is always a great experience efficient and help full"
"The site was lagging other than that it was very informative and thorough. I've just spent over 1000.00 and hopeful that this purchase will be everything it was represented to be. I have Radiculopathy and needed a very comfortable and pain relieving mattress. Thank you."
"Good sale prices. Ordering a TV online went very smoothly."
"Couple of issues with the amount of time it took on a couple of pages such as cart and checkout."
"To easy. Found just what I wanted"
"Easy to find what I was looking for, easy to order and pick up.."
"The ease of finding what, I was looking for, in my price range. Able to compare prices. Website was not overpowering with images and ads."
"Super easy purchase ... Thank you!"
"no thank you, for a forced review"
"Easy navigation on website, great deals, awesome place"
"Smooth transaction online experience for buying items for my new home."
"Simple.  Straightforward."
"NFM makes shopping, delivery and picking up products fast and easy"
"Easy purchase online at great price.  Same day pick up available."
"Easy shopping online!"
"Very user friendly and easy to navigate"
"Easy to work with"
"I found what I have been looking for at a price I liked."
"Ease of setting up new account, credit and scheduling delivery."
"Online purchase process was well thought out."
"The checkout process was super easy, and it was nice that when I signed in, it automatically linked my credit card."
"Quick and easy shopping and check out. Free Delivery. Interest free credit."
"Check out worked great, including checking the haul-away option for our old washer."
"I always have a great experience with NFM."
"We've been buying our major appliances and home furnishings with you since 2005!!"
"Easy to navigate site.  Competitive price for Ooni pizza oven.  In stock. Checkout as account holder was simple."
"So far so good, pretty easy process. Thanks"
"Great prices and many options.  I don't like that they now charge to have items brought into home as this is why we've been repeat customers of NFM for so long."
"Of all the times I tried to order online this has been the best with no issues. Thanks for fixing whatever it was that needed fixing."
"Great prices and easy to navigate website."
"Quick painless, low price"
"Have always liked the selection and service."
"This item is out of stock everywhere so glad I found it here our daughter is going to be so happy Christmas morning"
"The website was super slow and kept stopping."
"I was able to get a delivery date quickly.  Also the price for my mattress set was very reasonable."
"Great experience as always. Fast and easy A+"
"Needed inexpensive nice sofa set quickly and found it, delivery date is perfect!"
"Wish there were more toy options for older kids between 10 - 12."
"So easy to select and get your purchase done very quick"
"Easy checkout and I like the no financing option."
"I am trying to order appliances and the website will not give me the option to schedule both items to be delivered on the same day when both the items are in stock."
"Easy to navigate the website.  Easy search function.  Super easy checkout process."
"We bought a refrigerator from NFM recently.  We live in a rural area about an hour away, so we had it delivered.  Since we had been surprised in the past with a washer and dryer that we'd purchased from NFM in that they refused to hook it up, we specifically asked the sales person if the delivery team would be hooking up the ice maker with the new refrigerator.  She confirmed that they would.  When the refrigerator was delivered, they asked me to remove the entry door to make it easier for them.  I had to unhook the old refrigerator, which we were paying them to take away.  They refused to hook up the new unit.  We spent an hour removing all the protective plastic, installing the refrigerator door handles, hooking up the ice maker, etc.  I'm surprised they just didn't slow down and roll it out of the truck for all the effort they put into delivering this unit. We are very disappointed with the lies told by the appliance salesperson as well.  We need some living room furniture, and we have now chosen to purchase that with an honest business.  Rose Blumkin, who I have personally worked with in the past, would be turning over in her grave to see how this business has degraded."
"Easy website to navigate and place order!!!!"
"The site is super easy and check out is quick and simple. I always have a great experience at NFM."
"website is easy to navigate, all the information is updated and available. the store is clean, staff is welcoming and so very helpful."
"Easy to use that's all"
"There was no filter for frame material, so I couldn't try to specifically find a metal frame couch.  Also there was no option presented to pay for assembly or removal of old furniture, which would have been nice.."
"easy process, free shipping"
"Easy to place order by following simple instructions."
"Found something I liked, and was able to get it at a great price"
"YAAASSS NFM"
"Sometimes it is hard to buy furniture online but these pictures and details made it easy. Can't wait to receive my chair!"
"Ordering online is easy. pickup is easier."
"You had what I needed in stock and the site was easy to navigate when ordering"
"Website is very easy to navigate and use."
"I always shop here and the prices are always reasonable"
"There is a very good variety of product items to choose from.  It would be great if there was a store built east of Lee's Summit, MO.  You could get more walk ins with another store."
"Quick easy shopping.  Had the product that I was looking for."
"Great deal on bed and mattress."
"We like the shipping options."
"It was easy going online to purchase my refrigerator.  Will update review once I receive it."
"easy process"
"Easy to order and select custom shipping and pickup."
"easy payment method"
"Easy to use website and free in-home delivery and installation. Thank You NFM"
"Good furniture at good prices. Have ordered several items over last couple of years and completely satisified."
"The website was easy to use and had no issues with the browser"
"Online experience, so far so good."
"Easy to use online shopping and check out."
"Great and easy navigation in placing my order"
"Easy to find what I was looking for and the item was   with next day delivery option. I also like the interest free for 6 months option. Wish you had details on the extended warranty. I'm not sure when it starts, does it overlap the standard warranty and is it in effect after the standard warranty expires."
"Best prices with the best service hometown furniture Mart"
"exactly what I wanted, so easy and best price"
"ease of website and finding what i was needing. and ordering online and sending my husband to pick it up."
"They are very professional and good quality furniture. I bought sectional sofa, Dining table, Master Bed room set and now ordering set for another bed room"
"it was order to find and fill out forms. Very easy"
"Every purchase I have made has been quick and easy. Pickup is very convenient"
"easy to find and order"
"Very easy to use."
"Very easy interface, information on the various products is adequate."
"ORDERING ONLINE"
